Working so close with Tony Stark had not been what Pepper Potts had envisioned herself doing when she took the job in the accountancy department at Stark Industries, some years ago.

She had come to America at 19, enrolled into a well-respected college and majored in accountancy, with a minor in Law. All paid for by her best friend in England.

Soon after ending her education, she had seen a chance in starting at the finance department at Stark Industries, and which just graduated youngster wouldn't jump on that chance; not only did it pay well, SI was known for their excellent Personnel policy: dental and hospital insurance for one.

Now 5 years after accepting her job in SI, and 3 years after becoming Tone Stark Personal assistant, she felt confident in being both the billionaire's employee but also his friend.
She knew from experience just how difficult it can be to live with such fame, her best friend had the same problem, and she had seen what it did to him, at times.

Said best friend was also the reason she was on her way to speak to Tony, she's made sure his and her schedule were clear for the next week, with only a charity gala to attend at the end of said week. She'd deliberately made it so, for her best friend was coming to stay in America too.

Giving in het access code to Tony's workshop, the first thing she noticed was the loud AC/DC music playing, with a smile she nodded to where she knew one of Jarvis' cameras were and the AI cut the music.

"J, what gives?"

Pepper smiled and made her way to where the voice came from; "Tony, I would like to go over something with you."

She found the genius underneath one of his vintage cars, most likely repairing it, again, only to take it for a spin and crash it again.

"Pepper, I was sure my schedule was clear for today, and most of the week even. Did you threaten the board members again?"

Pepper smiled, "no I didn't, and your schedule is clear, I need to speak to you about something personal."

Tony rolled out from under the car he was fixing and sat up, looking at her; "you're not quitting, are you? Because I am not sure I can function without you anymore."

Pepper shook her head with a smile; "no, of course not."

This made her companion sigh in relief.

"I just wanted to let you know I'll be taking some holiday days for this week. I will still be at the charity gala on Friday evening. But my best friend is coming over early next morning and I would like to spend some time with him. It's the last thing I owe him seeing as he paid for my schooling here in the USA."

Tony looked at her and she could just see his brain whirling at 100 miles a minute. Most likely remembering that she was British born, even if she had done her best to get rid of the accent.

"Anything you can tell me of this best friend?"

Pepper sighed, she should have expected this, better to get this over with and just tell him, because the man would find out anyway and who knew just how far he'd search after that.

"His name is Hadrian Black, you already did mention him once, he's the Brit who suddenly popped up to take over Marauder Inc. and started investing into small time cooperation."

Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, running a hand into his hair after; only succeeding in smearing the grease that was already on there over the whole of his forehead.

"How did you get to know someone like him? I thought I was your first multi-billionaire?"

Pepper smiled, a sad look in her eyes; "that's kind of a long story, but I am willing to share."

Tony nodded and got up, sitting himself on the sofa he kept in his workshop, patting a space next to him as he took a drink DUM-E brought him, pulling a face after he tasted it.

Pepper took a seat and took a deep breath.

"I assume you heard of the bombing that took place in the UK some years before now. "

Tony nodded.

"I, together with a lot of schoolmates were involved, most of the terrorists had the opinion that if you weren't likeminded, like them, you had to be exterminated. Most of my family and friends worked together in stopping them. In doing so I lost one of my older brothers, Percy and my boyfriend, Colin."

Pepper swallowed, this still hurt to talk about, "seeing as going to school wasn't that good of an idea at the time, I studied online and took my GCSE and A-levels with a small group at the department of education and passed them all with good grades. By now most of this terrorist cell had been caught and made to stand trial, but some still roamed free. This led to my parents keeping their kids extremely close, even though some of them were married already.

It made me so feel so suffocated that I sort of ran away, I did tell them I wanted to leave and study here in the USA and build up a new life. But they wouldn't let me, seeing as I was the only girl after 6 boys, one of whom never came home after a bombing, only my youngest elder brother and his wife understood, they didn't like it, but they understood. They helped me get to Hadrian's house and he helped me set up a new identity and paid for everything. My parents weren't that wealthy or had the connections he has."

Pepper sighed, "it has been 5 years and I haven't really talked to my family accept Ron and Hermione, the mentioned brother and his wife, seeing as they are all angry, I left. Hadrian finally handled everything he had to handle in England and now he's coming here, especially since Marauders Inc. HQ is in Los Angeles. He wanted to spend some vacation time before taking the reins full time."

Tony looked at her; "first question; what was your name before? And second question who has been leading Marauder Inc. in his stead then?"

"It used to be Ginevra Weasley, I had it changed to protect me after all the bombings and I was known in the terrorist circles, it was one of Hadrian's demands, not that I disagreed. Being Virginia "Pepper" Potts has been liberating to be honest.

As for your second question, Hadrian's only surviving uncle and the only surviving Marauder, they were a friend group with Hadrian's father, godfather and uncle, had a son when things were heating up in the UK, so he didn't think twice about getting them out of the country and setting them up in America, Remus and his wife Nymphadora are the ones currently running Marauder Inc. at least until Hadrian will be here and enjoyed a few relaxing days."

She knew the moment she said names JARVIS would be looking them up, so she kept quit.

Suddenly Tony whistled; "That is one best friend you have, Hadrian Black, formerly Harry Potter, has a bachelor's degree in business management and linguistics. Was employed with Britain's special forces and took missions with MI6. Owner of Marauders Inc. and co-owner in several small businesses who are all doing very well. He also has several charities: the Tom Riddle orphanage, formally Wool's orphanage; Snape's shelter for domestic abuse victims and the Lily foundation which covers scholarships for gifted children; although it says here they meant gifted in the broad sense of the word; they have some donations to mutant shelters and schools."

Pepper smiled, tears in her eyes; "That is such a thing for him to do, I know why he named those charities the way he did, but it is not my story to tell."

Tony nodded, a glint in his eye making her suspect he'd do just that at the first presented opportunity. It might not be that bad an idea to introduce her boss-best friend to her regular-best friend, they might just get along.

They ended the conversation with Pepper promising to bring Hadrian with her on Friday and asking Tony if it was possible for Happy to drive her to the airport. Hadrian had a rental waiting at the airport, and she'd have him drop her off, but she needed to get there first.

Tony agreed, because for once he didn't need to be anywhere, no meetings, no evaluations for the departments, no interviews. For the next 5 days all he had to do was enjoy himself in his workshop and attend that one charity event at the end of the week. He could manage that. Maybe he should ask Pepper to take a few days off more regularly.

The next morning, Pepper was waiting on her front step for Happy, two thermoses full of coffee in her hands. She knew she asked the nice driver to bring her to the airport, but it was still 3 in the morning, so she had done the decent thing and brought coffee.

Seeing Happy pull up, she opened the passenger door to pass him his thermos and took a seat next to him. Tony always complained that Happy wouldn't let him sit in the front, which she explained was because 'he's your employee, Tony, he is paid to drive you around', while he never minded her taking a seat next to him.

Coffee in hand, they chatted mostly about Tony as he did have the strange habit of collecting his friends in weird places. Happy had been a former boxer who, after he didn't fight in the ring anymore, took a job as a bouncer in a nightclub.

He didn't like the job, but it gave an income. One night, a young Tony Stark had been visiting the club and had paid extra to have Happy by his side all night. The other employees at the club were star stuck by the young heir, but Happy just treated him like any other costumer.

At the end of the evening, he'd been given the nickname Happy because of his serious face. He also left a business card with the message that if Happy ever wanted another job to give the mentioned number a call.
After sleeping on it for the next days, Happy had called the number and was answered by JARVIS, who had been notified and told him to be at Stark Industries the next morning at 8 AM.
Tony had greeted him with a smirk as soon as he saw him standing there, pushed some papers from HR in his hands and welcomed him on the team as his bodyguard/driver.

Both Pepper and Happy smiled with mirth in their eyes, they had both been very lucky to have met the force of nature that was Anthony Stark, thinking fondly of how much better their lives had become after meeting the genius.

While reminiscing, the ride to the airport seemed even shorter, so when Happy pulled into the drop off lane, Pepper was shocked to see they had arrived.

"Thank you for driving me, Happy!"

Happy gave a small smile, "no problem, Pepper, have fun catching up with your friend. We'll be seeing you Friday?"

Pepper nodded, giving a wave, and entering the airport terminal.

A couple of people were looking at her, as she was standing in the greeting area, probably wondering if Tony Stark would come out one of those doors. She sighed, Tony was very recognised, not that this was a bad thing, but seeing as everyone knew she was his PA, they assumed that he'd be there if they saw her.

Luckily, no one tried to approach her, but she did see some people either texting or calling people, so she had to be prepared for some press to be present at the exit.

She frowned, this was not how she had wanted to spend her week, especially with Harry finally coming to America. She knew how much the man hated the press; he'd dealt with enough shit back in the UK from all those vultures.

Biting her lip, she checked her watch again, it was just after 4 AM, meaning Harry should have landed by now and would come her way any minute.

For those of you who followed before 2020, make sure to go check out the first chapter too.I rewrote it and plan on updating once a week now (I know it took a LONG time).

Hope everyone is staying safe!

Harry was looking forward to his trip to America, well not really trip, he'd go and live there too.

He had, had it with the English Magical community, especially after everything had been handled, Voldemort had been defeated- even if he felt for Tom Riddle and what the boy had been through, the Death Eaters were caught and put on trial - it had been revealed that more than a fair share of those with families had been blackmailed in supporting the Dark Lord or they would lose their family.

After he had testified on the behalf of the Malfoy family, both on the parts of Draco and Narcissa and their help in making sure he survived long enough for Voldemort to cast the Killing Curse once more and killed by the backlash. More law wizards had approached him, telling him stories similar to the Malfoys.

After losing so many people already, he didn't see any harm in going and listening to those people, who in fear of their family; their children and spouses, had followed a mad man, hoping that Harry would indeed stop him.

A lot of Light families hadn't been happy with that, they had seen all the Death Eaters as the perfect people to put the blame on, ship them all to Azkaban and be done with it.

The fact was, he couldn't stand that hypocrisy nor that discriminating view most of the Wizarding world had, it was either black or white, or Light and Dark in their case, and nothing in between. As a young man fitting in both Gryffindor and Slytherin, this had been something Harry didn't understand.

He spoke out for that, pushed the public in demanding fair trials for everyone, to make sure they didn't put away any innocent men, like they had done to his godfather.

In the end he had succeeded, with the help of Hermione, to make sure every Death Eater got a fair trial, and was judged based on their testimony, under the influence of veritaserum, instead of the nature of their own magic.

This all, however, made him fall out with the Weasley Parents. When Percy was killed in the last battle, Molly had freaked and locked their children, even Bill and a pregnant Fleur, in the burrow.

They had been all miserable, but none more so then Ginny, she had lost Colin the fight, but hadn't been able to say goodbye as her Mother had locked them all up, or as much as one could be locked up in their own house.

Ron and Hermione had contacted Harry soon after, telling him of how Ginny was depressed and didn't do anything at all. That she missed Colin and their Mother had taken away her chance to say goodbye at the funeral.

She needed out, and fast at that.

What not a lot of people know however, was that even on the run, and in Ginny's case during the war, they studied for their GSCE and A-levels, hoping to escape the Wizarding World, at least for a little while.

Harry helped get Ginny to America, giving her a portkey that would bring her to Remus and Nymphadora, where she could stay and take lessons at a college of her choosing, away from the UK. He even made sure she had another identity and give her permission to use his money to get on her feet.

This, which Molly saw as kidnapping, even is Ginny was an adult by Wizarding standards, and him helping the people she saw as inherited evil, made him an unwelcome guest in their home , those few times he did visit.

She was the only one though, but as matriarch, her words were law, or so it had been for now.

Not long after Ginny left, Ron and Hermione stormed off, coming to live with him in Grimauld Place, until they both had a job and could afford their own place.

Bill and Fleur also departed to their cottage at the seaside, telling Molly in no uncertain terms that she wasn't welcome right now, that all of her children were grown-ups, and she couldn't just lock them all up.

Charlie disappeared back to Romania, tending to his one and only love, dragons.

The twins, Fred and George, also went back to their joke shop, rebuilding the store and their apartment above, again with some help from Harry.

Molly saw Harry as the reason her children were like this and left her. She also saw him as the reason as to why her whole world was changing. Suddenly people were listening to him, instead of just printing lies about him, as they had also seen why he was doing this.

Why he was fighting for people who had been on the other side, but who had done so with a reason all of them could understand.

Together with Ron, Kinglsey and surprisingly Draco, they had systematically gone through everything from the ministry to saint Mungo's. Pointing out where there had been corruption the past and how easy it was to uphold that corruption if things stayed the way they were tight now.

For Saint Mungo's, they went looking for Muggleborns or Squibs, who had a medical degree in the muggle world, to use those practices in the Magical community as well. They even called out to their allies like France and Russia, to compare what they were doing was along the lines of what those countries did.

It had gotten some attention in the international press, to have the Boy-Who-Lived starting a revolution, to bring the British Magical Community into the present in both medicine, law, and politics.

Most had been happy to help, especially those of minority groups; like Muggleborns, werewolves, vampires, and squibs. As well as those Harry had helped during and after the war, giving him a majority, against people like Molly Weasley.

After a battle, if one could call it that, where they made changes and implemented a new way of working and thinking, Hermione was chosen as the new Minister, the first ever Muggleborn. At her side, Draco Malfoy, Luna Lovegood and Justin Finch-Fletchley - giving the new Ministry a head office consisting of 2 Muggleborns and 2 purebloods, as well as a representative of all four Hogwarts Houses.

After keeping busy with that the last five years, as well as getting everything in order to take over the company his father and Sirius had build up, Marauder's inc., he needed to get away from the UK.

He'd had it with reporters everywhere, the questions just kept coming both from the reporters, as well as from the general public, and the nay-sayers who believed he was Dark and wanted to give the reign of the Wizarding World to the Dark aligned.

Remus was seeing over MI right now, sending though updates and questions when the werewolf didn't know what to do.

Harry so far had taken over several small corporations, giving them the boost they needed to keep running, especially when a lot of those were headed by Muggleborns who had went back into the Muggle World after their schooling, or by squibs, who had been abandoned by their families.

He'd also taken the money he'd gotten from people who died in the war and used it to provide relief for the orphans, by converting the former's Wool Orphanage into Tom Riddle's Orphanage, specifically for Magic children.

Further he'd started the Snape Shelter for domestic abuse victims; more often then not either children who was magic, but who were born in a religious family (for the Muggleborns) or one parent and their children when their spouse was abusive to them or the children, no matter if they were magical or not.

The Lily foundation, was something he had put up for those who didn't have the funds to provide an education for their children, be it magical, mutant, or just regular. In their search for magical inclined muggle doctors, they had found one in Ireland who used her magic on her patients, but who had explained it away with saying she was a mutant - giving all of them a look into the world outside of theirs.

Full of other enhanced people, who didn't hide and lived among the civilians.

It had opened up a whole lot of possibilities and job opportunities. So, Harry made sure to jump on that, both with MI and the small businesses he owned. After all, if he could set an example to hire both magical beings and enhanced people, what is to say other corporations won't follow his lead.

So far, since he implemented that rule, Stark Industries, Pim Tech and Rand enterprises had followed his example.

 

Boarding the plane, however, had felt like such a relief. He'd made sure to go and say goodbye to everyone and make sure they could reach him should they feel the need to do so. Especially Ron, Hermione and Draco had been sad to see him go but understood just what kind of pressure had been on his shoulders the last 5 years, it was time they took that over.

There had been plans made to visit for the holiday season however, and to of course keep in contact with each other.

On the plane itself, after checking in his luggage, was an adventure. He'd never flown in a plane before, only on a broom, so he was very exciting for that to happen.

He took a seat in the business class, because of the space he would have at his seat and the inclusive meals and drinks. Also, to make sure he actually could get some sleep on the 11 hour flight, which would arrive in Los Angeles at 3:55 AM.

He was really looking forward to seeing Ginny, or was it Virginia, or Pepper, again after all this time. They had kept in contact of course, but not seeing someone for 5 years was quite a while, especially when he'd helped her get out of the UK and start a live in the USA.

He had to smile, thinking about that, Gin hadn't been idle, she went to Harvard to get a degree in accountancy, with a minor degree in law. Had taken an opportunity, when it presented itself, and did a job interview at Stark Industries, where she'd been hired as a junior accountant.

After 2 years on the job, she'd been promoted to business accountant and been told to handle all the incoming and outgoing spending, only to discover an abnormality, which she took to her boss - Tony Stark, prompting the man to hire her as his Personal Assistant.

The rest is, as they say, history, even if she technically is employed with a competing business. Not that he blamed her, besides MI, which had been idle until 5 years ago when Remus moved to America, SI was one the giants in the industry, known to be converted by Tony Stark from a weapon making company on a national scale, to a technologic empire on the international market.

MI was more focussed on medical advancements, helping small business owners to set up their project and have the backing of a company which could catch them in it failed. Beyond that they were primarily busy with converting muggle things into magical ones - for example laptops or smartphones.

They had succeeded with that in televisions and radios, but were seeing to expand, especially with the technologic advancements now in play, and the fact that a lot of people carried a smart phone now a days. If they wanted to keep advancing, as a Magical community, they needed to follow that path too.

More importantly, for him at least, were changes to something like phones for enhanced who had extra strength and had to buy a new phone every time they crushed theirs. Or for were wolves, an extra firm one that could survive the transformation and subsequent running around, without breaking or getting lost.

He took out his own phone, a prototype, to check his messages. Smiling at seeing what his friends had send him, from general updates, to Hermione's picture of Rose and Hugo, and Gin's confirmation she'd be waiting for him to step foot on American soil.

Laying his seat, a bit flatter, he enjoyed those thoughts as he closed his eyes to take a nap.

As he fell asleep, Harry groaned as he woke up inside his mindscape. Sitting up, but deliberately not turning to the entity standing behind him.

"What is it you wanted, Death?"

The entity behind him, approached, putting a hand on his shoulder, making Harry turn around and look at the woman behind him, her black hair framing her face under the hood of her cloak, dark blue eyes looking at him with a gaze older than the universe.

"You will be meeting my Merchant soon, my Master."

Harry pursed his lips, hating the title he now carried, he didn't perceive himself to be anyone's master, least of all Death's. But he did look forward to meeting this Merchant, back in the UK, after the final battle, Death had appeared to him, explaining that he had 'mastered' all the Hallows, even if he didn't carry them on his person.

She explained that over the course of her existence, she had found people or beings, or whatever you wanted to call them, that had proven something to her.

Her Merchant, she had said, had died multiple times, but every time that happened it hadn't been his time yet. The man had approached death each and every time, with a smile on his face - seemingly missing the people he left behind, yet not minding being away from them either. He was a strong soul, she had told him, full of wonder, incredibly smart and according to her sister Faith, would change the world as it was known.

Her Champion, was a mercenary, so he regularly gave her the souls of people that were past their time and needed to be collected, but seeing as a reaper couldn't just tear a soul out of a living person, she send her Champion to do it. He also learned that the man, couldn't die and hated to never be able to get close to death again - not in a way friends would normally do, for she described him as her friend too, next to him being her Champion.

Death had chuckled and told him that he and Her Merchant were like that too, out of her grasp until they asked her to reap them, which would take a very long time.

Harry sighed, but smiled at Death.

"Ah, I do look forward to meeting him. Does he know of his title yet?"

Death made a so-so motion with her hand, "kind of, I did tell him when he 'died' the last time, but as he wakes up, he doesn't remember it. I do plan on telling him soon when he is alive instead of dead."

Harry nodded, intrigued by this man, even though he hadn't met him yet.

"Is that the reason you wanted to come to America, because I told you of my Merchant and my Champion being here?"

Harry hummed, "just a bit, I also wanted to go to America because that's were Gin is at the moment. And because I was sick and tired of the UK. It also helps that Mutants, enhanced and superheroes are more of a norm there then they are in the UK, meaning I can use my gifts without having to be careful who sees."

Death nodded, "there are indeed a large number of enhanced beings in America, more so then in other countries. I think it has something to do with it being the land of the free."

Harry looked at her, before giving a smile, "so no, I did not want to go to America just because of the Merchant, but it is a bonus that I'll meet him soon."

Death returned the smile and pressed a kiss to his brow, "enjoy, My Master, and we will meet again soon."

Harry opened his eyes to look at the flight attendant who had shaken him awake.

"Sorry to disturb you, Mister Black, but we will be landing in about 2 hours. Furthermore, would you like your meal now?"

Looking at his watch, he saw that it would be 9 AM in the morning in the UK, so he nodded, he hadn't eaten before leaving to the airport, so he was famished.

As the flight attendant brough him his food, and asked what he'd like to drink with it, he enjoyed the meal provided, he'd have a rather long day ahead of him, even if this was to be his holiday.

He'd meet with Gin, Pepper, at the airport, get a coffee with her at a local coffee shop to catch up somewhat, get his rental car from the agency and drive it to the house he'd live in, the same one Dora, Remus and Teddy lived in too. He was still not certain if he'd move out, he had missed them all, so some time with that part of his family wouldn't hurt.

After that he would take Gin, Pepper, sightseeing, so she could show him all the special places LA had to offer, maybe shop for some new clothes too.

Drive to MI HQ and go over some paperwork with Remus, meet with his board members and management staff. Look up some small businesses he owned in the city or mail them for an appointment if they were located in other states.

 

As he arrived at LAX, Harry couldn't help but look around in awe, he was used to lot of things, but this was impressive all in its own way.

Walking along, following the signs to the waiting area, he had to smile as he saw Gin, Pepper, standing there, waiting for him. He knew he was smiling, as het whole face lit up at seeing him. Putting down his carry-on case (which had everything he needed shrunken down in it) he opened his arms for the hug she gave him.

A soft kiss was pressed to his cheek, as she released him to link their arms, after he took a hold of his luggage again.

Pepper sighed, "I missed you."

A softer smile appeared on his face, "I missed you too, even if you went and got a job at the competition."

Pepper gave a fake gasp, "well, I never..."

They started laughing at that, falling back into their relationship of brother and sister, now that they were together again. At one point in their younger years, people had assumed that'd end up together and marry with a whole flock of kids. But Harry had confided in her that he was gay, just before the war broke out in its fullest.

But seeing as she hadn't seen him like boyfriend-material for some time, she didn't have a problem with it, and felt honoured he told her first, before Ron and Hermione.

As they walked through the halls of the airport, people with their phones out where staring at them, some of them talking into the phones.

Pepper groaned, "I forgot about the reporters."

Harry looked up, a startled look on his face, "Already?"

Pepper shook her head, "none from the WW, most are from gossip magazines here in Cali. For some reason people think Tony, my boss, and I are an item. So, they assumed I was here waiting for him to come off a plane. Which is ridiculous seeing as the man has 2 private jets."

She sighed, "they'll be making a whole spectacle out of this, especially after seeing me with another man."

Harry grinned, "seriously, that's how they do things here in the USA? Should I expect Prophet BS or is it something else?"

Pepper shook her head, "it's something else, with all the celebs living here and the known party scene in the city, at least a couple get busted every day for doing something like a DUI, cheating on their partner or getting into a fight.

Beyond that, those vultures also go looking for things that aren't there, like a chance meeting that looks like more, or a celeb without his or her partner... and the speculations that follow it."

Harry scoffed, "don't they have anything better to do?"

Pepper shakes her head, "it sells, so they don't see a reason to stop doing it."

Shrugging his shoulders, Harry leads them towards the rental agency, taking care not to give too much notice to the people not so subtly following them.

He entered the office, ringing the bell on the front desk, and waited for an employee to arrive. Which took quite a while.

A bored looking teen finally came and sat down.

"How can I help you?"

Harry lifted an eyebrow, "is this how you great all your customers? All disinterest and making people wait."

The teen shrugged her shoulders, "some old rich dude brought up the rental agency, so my boss took a long holiday to Hawaii, I'm just a student, and I don't know how to run this place. How can I help you?"

Harry sighed, "you can get me your boss on the phone right now."

The teen looked at him like he'd grown a second head, "I can't do that, he yelled at me last week for disrupting his holiday. If I call him again, he'll fire me, and I really need this job for college."

Harry frowned, before turning to Pepper, making the teen stare wide eyed at the woman she knew was Tony Stark's assistant.

"Can I borrow your phone? Mine doesn't have an American number yet."

Pepper nodded and give a sleek white STARK phone to her best friend, who after asking for the number of the owner of the rental agency, dialled and waited for it to be picked up.

"What", was the first thing he heard as someone picked up on the other side.

Harry's eyes climbed higher on his forehead.

"Mister Forks, can you please tell me why, when I came to pick up my car, you weren't here at this moment?"

A grumble sounded from the other side, "What's it to you, you Brit, do you tell me you disrupted my holiday for this, after some old man brought my company, I am rich and can do as I please!"

Harry's eyebrows disappeared in his hair, this was the soft spoken gentleman he had talked to some months earlier, who wanted to be sure he could provide for his people and his family. He closed his eyes for a second, before opening them, "then you can consider this your resignation phone call, be sure to have all your assets collected before tomorrow or it will be given to the next manager I hire. Good day."

Without waiting for an answer, he hung up the phone and gave it back to Pepper. The girl at the desk looking at him fearfully and with a little awe.

"You, miss, there should be keys here on name of Harry Black, could you get those?"

The girl nodded and went to look for the keys, coming back with them and handing them over.

Harry smiled, "can you close up for today, seeing as you said yourself you don't know how to run this place. I plan on having a new manager hired as soon as I pass by my HQ. I'll have HR contact you when they plan on opening again, or if not, to see if we can't get you another job."

The girls just nodded, turning around to go and get her stuff and lock the door to the office. She walked past them in a daze.

Pepper looked as she walked past, "that poor girl, did you not know what an ass he was when you brought over him firm?"

Harry shook his head, "he sounded very genuine and in trouble, not to mention his wife is a Muggleborn. They seemed like they could use some help."

Pepper shook her head, "it's sweet that you want to help, Harry, but not everyone is genuine on the phone. Lots of people pretend to be someone they are not, to get sympathy or help, without even feeling guilt about what they did."

Harry shrugged his shoulders, "it happened, I'll let HR know, when we stop by, that they need to look for a new manager. Other then that, this is something to learn from."

Pepper looks at him funny, "that's a very special mindset, you gave yourself."

Harry grinned, "I needed to, can't be feeling bad about every mistake I make or made, it happened, bummer, let's move on."

Looking around he added, "let's go find my car and look for a place that sells coffee."

Pepper gasped, "you drink coffee, as a Brit?"

Harry grinned, "blame Draco for that, he has to have coffee every morning, it rubbed off on the rest of us."

 

They found a cafe not that far from the airport that served a variety of coffees, much to the pleasure of both Pepper and Harry. Taking a seat at the window, just so they could people watch, they ordered a latte caramel for Pepper, and a cappuccino for Harry.

While waiting for their drinks to be made, and looking at the treats the cafe offered, they stayed silent, until the barista brought them their drinks and they ordered a fruit tart for Pepper and a piece of cheesecake for Harry.

As this was brought over and they enjoyed their drinks and treat, Pepper looked at Harry.

"So, that car rental place?"

Harry nodded, "I didn't buy it that long ago, after Mrs. Forks called MI through a friend she had, telling us her husband was really struggling with everything and how she had heard what we did for those more misfortunes than others. Especially after she explained that her husband was the only one with an income. She had finished at Ilvermorny with quite high scores, but never got a degree counting in the muggle world as we did - so she was stuck at home, watching the kids."

Pepper sighed, "and you love a good sob story."

Harry grinned, "I've been told it's my people saving thing. Only now I actually help people without putting my own life in peril!"

Pepper sighed, again, a smile on her face despite the exasperation on it.

"You can say that again, it's a wonder none of us have grey hairs, or in Remus case, more grey hairs, than that. Because with everything you lived through..."

She didn't finish her sentence, smiling fondly at the man sitting in front of her, happy to see him again after 5 years of phone calls, facetime, and owling letters to and from.

"So, how is everyone back home?"

Harry grinned; "Ron and Hermione welcomed their second child into the world not to long ago, Hugo. Rose is exited to be a big sister.

Bill and Fleur welcome baby number three, so that's Victoire, Dominique and Louis. Fleur did tell me that this will be enough, she likes children, but does not want to emulate your parents.

Charlie is still happy single and tending to his dragons.

Fred and George are still running their joke shop, and they do date, but nothing lasts for longer than a few months. Last I heard they had asked out Tracy Davis, but she said no."

He took a deep breath and continued, "I still haven't talked to your parents, seeing as your mother still thinks I am some reincarnated Dark Lord for fighting for fair trials for all involved in the war. Especially after Draco came on board 'Mione's cabinet as Minister. As far as I know none of your siblings stayed in contact with them either, your mother of course sees this as my fault, but it does seem to hurt your father a lot. Kinglsey told me last that Arthur came to him, because he was sick and tired of Molly bugging him about everything."

Pepper sighed, but nodded, everyone knew just how her mother had seen her life, have her marry Harry, pop out babies and live happily ever after. Even if this was something neither of them wanted.

Harry grimaced, putting his hand on hers, in a show of support for her decision still.

"Draco finally proposed to Astoria; took his long enough too!

Neville and Luna are happy together, Neville as assistant professor Herbology and Luna writing her book together with Rolf Scamander, with some help of Newt.

I am just excited to be moving here, the UK was getting to much at times, especially with most of our friends busy with their own lives now that nothing is in peril, not that I blame them, but I needed some fresh air and the possibility to do whatever I want, whenever I want."

Pepper nodded; she had felt the same way after the war. Especially with the way her mother kept her in the house and wouldn't let anyone leave. It was so confining and restricting that she started to resent her mother for it. To know that Molly didn't see the fault in her own actions but kept blaming Harry for them defined the notion that she was a control freak with unresolved issues she didn't want to look for.

After coming to America and enrolling into Harvard, she had been taken aside by one of the counsellors who kept seeing certain behaviours which most PTSD victims had. It had taken a while, but she had given the edited version to her, which in turn lead to an appointment with a squib psychologist to help her deal with the trauma, both during her schooling and just after it with the war, and the loss of both Colin and Percy.

Harry had helped her find the psychologist and had admitted to seeing the same one over video call while he lived in the UK, he was planning on seeing her in person soon, for some of the same issues.

Together with Hermione, they had integrated mental health care into the Wizarding World as well, seeing as something like that wasn't just fixed with a potion or a spell. It had really taken, especially with those of their generation and the one behind them - with the help from either squibs and Muggleborns or half-bloods who had gotten a degree to work as therapists or psychologists. Or recently, also by people just in the known, either because of a family member or by marriage.

Harry was looking at her, a soft smile on his face, probably knowing what she was thinking.

"It's helping, Gin, Pepper, this will take some getting used to. Anyway, it is helping, I have multiple people a day writing to me how happy they are that we now offer mental health care, when before you were send to a mind healer, and in the worst case scenario, were tucked away in the Janus Thickey ward."

Pepper nodded, she had heard the stories of people they now knew had depression or some other more common mental illness, but because no spell or potion healed them they were tucked away in the Janus ward, stapled as irreparable spell damage and left forgotten.

It had hurt her, and others so much to hear this. Especially when the healers and medi-witches had protested to treatment from 'muggle doctors' on those poor souls, not wanted to admit that they had been wrong in just 'forgetting' about them.

When one of the first ones made it out of St Mungo's with prescription pills and a recuring appointment, but feeling so much better, lots of people had been astonished to see such a thing was possible.

Shaking her head, Pepper looked at Harry and smiled, "I am so happy we made that difference. That you kept pushing and pulling for everything and made it all happen. Even if you chose to come to America now."

Harry wrinkled his nose, "I'm just sick and tired of the masses in the UK, everyone wants a piece of me, either to thank me or to hate me. No one just wants to be around me, except our friends, for the sake of being around me. Not to forget that dating is impossible, I tried a few times, but it was always in the newspaper the day after and I didn't dare do so with a random enhanced..."

Pepper nodded, with Harry's status as Master of Death, which they had all kept a secret, no one knew how others would react, especially enhanced people, seeing as there was little known about them and their DNA.

Pepper just smiled, "I am really glad you're here though; it hasn't been the same without you, or anyone here. Remus, Dora and little Teddy are amazing, but it's not the same, especially now that I have my own apartment."

Harry nodded, "I can understand that we all missed you too."

They stayed quiet for a moment after, enjoying their coffee and treat, and basking in the presence of their best friend.

An impish smile appeared on Harry face's, "how is your love life going?"

Pepper went red, "it goes, I went on a couple of dates with someone else from SI, we see each other a lot in day to day work, but he's very sweet and I really like him."

Harry nodded, "that's important, but I am happy that you let yourself love again, after Colin."

Pepper nodded, "it took a while, and some therapy, but Hilda let me see that I have to move on, that Colin would have wanted me to move one."

Harry nodded, "death never waits, but that doesn't mean you just have to wait for Death."

Pepper nodded, Harry because of his connection to Death, and his regular talks with the deity, had the ability to talk to people already crossed over too. He started saying that sentence to everyone who was or is grieving, to let them know it is okay to move on.

It had helped a lot of people, especially after the way, with so many young people losing their lives. A lot of them had been married or in a relationship, and their partner often didn't know what to do with their life now that they were alone.

In the plan they had made around mental health, support groups had been founded for people wanting to talk to a like minded individual, to help each other. One of the first to be founded, had been one at Hogwarts, to support those students who had lost a class- or dormmate, to help them cope.

Pepper shook her head, "enough about this topic, as much as I want to hear all about the changes in England, I would like some lighter topics too."

Harry nodded, agreeing with her.

"So, what do you want to do, this week?"

"Well, I was hoping to go to the headquarters and make sure everything is in order for my official start next week.

After that I was hoping to just explore the city with you, buy some stuff, spoil you some - seeing as its been so long since we went shopping.

Spend at least one day just at home, maybe cooking or baking, I don't think Dora will mind. And getting to know Teddy all over again, I don't think he remembers me."

At this, he pulled an exaggerated sad face, making Pepper laugh.

"On Friday I have my grand entrance into the American business world, with the gala at the Children's hospital."

Pepper beamed, "the one down in San Francisco?"

Harry nodded, "you were invited too?"

Pepper shrugged, "Tony was, and I always go as his plus one, to avoid some gold digger hanging onto him all night."

Harry hummed, "so he's also...?"

Pepper shook her head, "gods no, I love him like a brother, but Tony and I would never work out. He keeps his mask on too firmly in public for us to work out. No, I am dating his bodyguard/driver Harold Hogan, he goes by Happy as a nickname."

"So, you'll introduce me to them then?"

Pepper nodded, "sure, I know Tony already did a background check when I mentioned I would be taking the week off."

Harry hummed again, he was expecting that, from what Pepper had been telling him of her boss, the man liked to know who he surrounded himself with, to make sure he wasn't taken by surprise later. He didn't mind, he had after all done his own background checks, every time Ginny, Pepper mentioned someone new in her life.

Pepper hummed, "so down to HQ we go?"

Harry shook his head, "got to put away my luggage first, and I want to see Remus, Dora and Teddy at home instead of at the office after missing them for so long."

Pepper nodded, she could understand that, sending Remus, Dora, and Teddy out of the country had been one of the first things Harry had done when they found out Dora was pregnant. Stating that he didn't want Teddy to grow up like him, without parents and wondering just who they were and how they looked like. He deserved better than that.

It had been a fight between Remus and Harry to get the werewolf to agree, but he had in the end, to assure he would be there for his son, and godson, when both of them would need him.

Paying their bill, Pepper and Harry left the little cafe, even if the waitress was starstruck at having recognized Pepper and googling Harry. They giggled about it after they left, looking forward to this, new life in Harry's case, and life with her best friend back in it, for Pepper.

Getting into the car, Harry and Pepper were still laughing about the waitress at the coffee place, and the starstruck look in her eyes at recognizing Pepper, which let to Pepper telling Harry in detail just how she came to be where she was, business wise.

"So, you just pepper sprayed his bodyguard, now you boyfriend, because he wouldn't let you in when you found a giant error in the accounting files?"

Pepper nodded, "Happy has since forgiven me for that, especially when Tony was happy I found it, he had deliberately put in the files, to see if anyone would come and talk to him about it. To find out it was the intern that came forward. Well, let's just say the manager from the finance department still glares at me whenever he sees me."

Harry gasped, "he was allowed to stay on?"

Pepper nodded, "it was more a test on the efficiency of the department, and not a real transaction that took place. He was talked to; shown his error and I know from others that the department is running smoother than it has in years."

Harry whistled, impressed, "and this was what, within your first year of working there?"

Pepper nodded, "Tony asked me to become his personal assistant soon after, and except the better pay, I really love doing it. For all that he is a great boss, he's still an engineer at heart, so he gets lost in inventing a lot, I am there to pull him out of his binges and make sure he attends a meeting or event when he forgets. Or on the rare occasion, attend for him, when he doesn't or can't stop his inventing binge."

Harry hummed, liking what he heard so far, after all he loved making sure his company made innovations to help the more enhanced people of society, especially now that they were becoming more the norm.

Before they'd gotten onto the freeway, to get to the Black mansion just outside LA, someone called Harry's phone.

With a raised eyebrow, he picked up, curious as to who would already be calling him.

"Hadrian Black, speaking."

A timid woman's voice sounded on the other side, "Mr. Black, this is Mrs. Forks, well former Mrs. Forks, I'll be Ms. Abernaty when the divorce is settled."

Harry hummed, "I assume this is because of the phone call I made with your soon-to-be ex-husband?"

"Yes, sir."

Harry hummed again, "I don't like to be cheated on, Ms. Abernaty, but I have a feeling you were as well."

At this, both he and Pepper heard her sniffling on the other end.

"You know what, come by MI this afternoon and ask after me, so we can clear this out, seeing as things have obviously happened since we last talked. Is this a possibility for you?"

Ms. Abernaty stuttered, "yes, I mean, that should work, I can make 1 PM, if possible, sir, so I can get my kids from school at 3."

Looking at Pepper, who shrugged her shoulders in agreement, Harry responded, "One is fine, Ms. Abernaty, I'll be seeing you soon."

After a goodbye he ended the call, groaning, while Pepper smiled.

"Ah, the Potter people saving thing is called in action again."

Harry blew a raspberry at the woman next to him, smiling after, she was right though, but he had a good feeling about the coming talk.

"Well, slight change of plans, we go home, put away my things, shower, say hello to Dora, Teddy and Remus - seeing as it's about 5 AM now, so they, at least Remus should be getting up now, go into the city around 8 when everything opens to go shopping for a bit, drive to MI to take care of some things I need to get in order so I can start next week and get HR and security posted on that meeting with Ms. Abernaty."

Turning to Pepper, he asked, "you really don't mind do you, I mean, this was supposed to be a holiday."

Pepper shrugged, "and I know you, as well as myself, we'll both be working in between holiday stuff, neither of us were good at taking down time, so I don't mind."

Harry smiled, taking the exit that would take him to the Black home.

Arriving at the driveway, he put his car in the underground garage, smiling at the Honda Civic, which by the taupe colour belonged to Remus and the bright blue Toyota highlander belonging to Dora. Looking at his own car, the dark green grand Cherokee Jeep didn't stand out that much.

Taking out his luggage, he took the stairs to the kitchen, hoping they didn't make too much noise entering.

Remus was already standing in the kitchen, a mug of coffee in hand as he checked his phone for any messages, most likely from him.

Hearing someone enter the kitchen, he looked up, beaming when he saw just who had walked in.

"Harry, Pepper, I thought for sure you'd text me when you arrived!"

Harry grinned sheepishly, before telling Remus what had happened at the rental agency, making the older man frown.

"I think it's a good thing Ms. Abernaty will be coming to HQ, Harry, seeing as this story doesn't add up. We'll be hearing about it this afternoon.

Enough work for now, you were going to take a holiday this week, which I know won't actually happen, but still. How was your flight?"

Harry grinned, "great, loved it. Well, I love flying on a broom even better, but I do like this too, wouldn't mind taking the airplane more often."

Remus sighed, "great, because I hate flying, so you can do all the outstate visits from now on."

Pepper laughed, remembering the first time Remus had to fly to meet with some business owners on the east coast, he's come back all haggard and swearing he'd never fly again. Werewolf senses were not made to be coped up in a plane for hours on end.

Harry grinned, "sure, I am planning on taking over everything as CEO as soon as next Monday, Moony, have you given it any thought at to what function you'd want?"

Nodding, Remus explained, "I'll be your CFO, which I already was when Sirius and James ran the place, most of the top tier functions have been filled, especially now with Dora taking up HR, now that Teddy goes to school."

Harry grinned, "so all the family under one roof, both at home and in the business."

Remus nodded, giving a sly look at Pepper, "except Pepper here, she ran over to the competition, not willing to wait for MI to get back on its feet after everything that happened."

Pepper huffed, "I like where I am now, thank you."

All three of them laughed at that, Remus coming over to them and giving both a hug, Harry's lasting significantly longer than Pepper's.

"I did miss you, cub."

Harry smiled, "I missed you too, I am so happy to be here!"

Remus nodded, a smile still on his face; "so what's the plan for today?"

"Shower, get changed, hug Teddy, hug Dora, go shopping with Pepper, eat something in the city and go to HQ in the afternoon."

Remus nodded, "swing by my office first thing, I have your new phone and American number ready. I'll introduce you to everyone after your talk with Ms. Abernaty."

Harry nodded, leaving Remus and Pepper in the kitchen while he went and found his room, not that it was hard. Even if Remus was older, he insisted Harry get the master bedroom, with bathroom attached. Opening the door, he was met with a green room with a dark brown wooden floor and ceiling, the large windows open to allow fresh air to come inside.

Smiling, he went and unpacked, unshrinking as he pulled his belongings out of the trolley he took as carry on luggage. Waving them towards the place they should go, clothes to the dresser, books to the closet by the window, hair, and body products to the bathroom and so on.

As he put the trolley in his closet, he picked out some semi casual clothes consisting of a green dress shirt, black jeans, a darker green blazer, and black leather shoes.

Jumping into the shower, he was glad to be able to wash that plane feel off, for all that he loved being on the plane, it was still a rather small space filled with a lot of people. Standing under the spray, he could only smile as he thought about what his life in America would entail and how different it would be from his life in England.

Getting out, he dressed in the clothes he was prepared and brushed his hair after drying them with a spell.

As he opened his door, he was almost knocked over by a small form hugging his knees.

"Harry, you're here! You're really here, daddy and momma and Aunt Pep said you would be, but I had to be sure and daddy said he heard the shower stop so I came to look, and now you're here and I missed you!"

Smiling softly Harry looked at the tawny brown haired, grey eyed little boy that had to be Teddy, putting his hands underneath the boy's arms, he hefted him up and on his hips.

"Hello to you too, Teddy, I missed you too, se much in fact that I'll be living here for now, as well as work together with your daddy and momma."

Teddy's eyes started to shine, "really, really really!?"

Harry nodded, "yep, I'm here for a good while, so you won't have to miss me anymore."

Carrying a cheering 5-yearl-old, Harry went back to the kitchen, where pressed a kiss to Dora's cheek as he passed her, a smile on both their faces.

"Harry, finally, we're so happy to have you here with us!"

"Glad to be here, Dora, I take it Teddy needs to eat before he goes to school?"

Dora and Remus nodded, prompting Harry to put Teddy on a chair so he could eat the cereal set out for him.

Pouting a bit, Teddy refused to eat, probably wanting to spend as much time as possible with Harry now that the man was close by again.

Harry chuckled, "eat you breakfast, Teddy, I'll still be here after you come home from school. In fact, your Aunt Pep and I will be eating here this evening and we can talk all the way to your bedtime, alright."

Reluctantly, the youngest member of the family started eating, giving everyone a kiss before Dora took his hand to get him into the car and to school.

As his wife and son left, Remus pressed a kiss to both Harry's and Pepper's cheek, "see you in the afternoon!"

Both nodding with a smile, they too left the house and entered the car again, making their way to the city for some more catching up and shopping.

 

At 12:20 Harry entered the HQ of MI and couldn't help but look around in awe, the entrance alone was very welcoming, with soft creme coloured tiles and a warm brown on the walls. Plants were put by the walls and close to the waiting areas. The front desk was in the middle of the hall, behind it a huge staircase was seen, leading towards what Harry guessed the offices. Behind the staircase was a long hallway, probably to the meeting spaces, and further, as well as underground, the labs and testing facilities.

Approaching the front desk, Pepper by his side, he saw more than one person not knowing what to say at seeing Pepper Potts standing there.

Clearing his throat, he smiled as the woman manning the front desk look up, a smile on her face.

"Welcome to Marauder Inc., how can I help you?"

Exchanging an amused look with Pepper, he told the woman, "I have an appointment with Mr. Lupin, could you let him know I'm here."

The woman, obviously stunned that he was there to talk to her boss, made a call and told him to wait just a second, as Mr. Lupin was coming to collect him.

Remus came down the stairs, a grin on his face as he took in Harry and Pepper standing there.

He shook his head, "Really, Harry?"

Harry shrugged, smiling at the woman behind the desk, "you obviously didn't tell anyone who I was seeing as I haven't been recognised yet. I can't just walk though when they don't know me, now can I, Remus."

Remus grumbled, and looked around, seeing that more than one person had stopped what they were doing to stare at the young man talking to their boss like that. Sighing, he took a hold of the front desk phone and put in a code that let him speak over the speakers.

"Gooday everyone, I would like to point out the black haired young man standing in front of me, is in fact Hadrian Black, my godson and CEO of Marauder Inc., Thank you!"

The woman at the front desk seemed shocked at who he was, but he waved it way, smiling at her.

"No harm done", looking at her nametag, "Katie, you couldn't have known."

With that Katie smiled slightly, still overwhelmed, "Of course, sir."

Harry shook his head, "Harry is fine, I don't want to run a posh business."

Katie gave a small smile.

"Ah also, a Ms. Abernaty will be coming here in about half an hour, could you let me know when she's here?"

Katie smiled, before looking at Remus, "I take it that's the 007 line then?"

Remus nodded, when he first started, he took the 008 line, instead of the 007 line into the CEO's office, now everyone knew why.

"Thanks Katie!"

With that they all walked up the stairs to Remus' office.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Smiling as they went up the stairs, Remus went first, leading them towards an office just before the end of the hall.

Entering it, it was very obviously Remus', from the brown tones on the walls, to the books on the shelfs, some of them were those Remus had written as a Master in Defence Against the Dark Arts. But the one thing that gave it away the most, was the picture frame hanging on the wall next to the desk.

It was one of those frames comprised from several smaller frames, showing pictures of the Marauders in their teens, one of James and Lily's wedding, some of Harry, Remus and Sirius and most recently of Dora, Teddy and Remus.

Smiling softly Harry looked at Remus, while the older man was looking at him, a soft look on his face. Opening his desk, Remus took out a small box, opening it, it showed a green smartphone.

"I take it MI succeeded in magic proofing smart phones then?"

Remus nodded, "mine and yours are one of the first. It functions just like a regular muggle one, with internet connection and Wi-Fi, as well as apps to be downloaded in an app store.

We're still in the process of filling our app store though, seeing as we are a newcomer on the tech market, and we need to make some name first. Some companies, who have someone in the known, are easier, but not everything is in order yet."

Harry shrugged, "I guessed as much, we'll get there eventually."

Remus grinned and nodded, "your SIM card is already in it, you just need to start it up and put in your email and contacts and what not."

Harry nodded, doing just that, as they made their way towards the office at the end of the hallway. The silver nametag on the door telling them this was Harry's office.

Opening the door, Harry was greeted by a green office, and dark brown furniture, no pictures were put on yet, but there was a phone on his desk, the sticker on the lower corner naming it as phone 007, so that's what Katie meant.

Harry grinned as he looked around, already planning on buying some picture frames to hang up, as well as which pictures to put in them. He also planned to take his laptop with him the next time he came by, to install that already and make sure his IT department knew what he needed to get installed on it before Monday.

"This all looks perfect, Remus, and thank you for holding the fort all these years."

Remus nodded, a soft smile on his face, "I don't mind, but I am not CEO material, Harry, please never ask this of mee again. I am more than happy with being CFO."

Harry nodded, he didn't think he'd ever have to instal Remus as CEO again, even if he had to go out of state, or even out of the country, he could keep doing his duties while away. Even if Remus had done a splendid job, he wasn't him, and he had a lot of ideas to implement into the company as well as ideas for products they could produce, especially now that phones were able to get adapted to work around magic.

Standing around the desk, Remus disappeared to his office, before returning with a couple of sheets of paper.

"Here is the phoning list, from every internal line, it gets easier to call people when you have a list, especially the first few days and weeks, I know I kept it close to me as a lifeline the first year."

Harry nodded, taking the list and going over it.

000 for example was for the front desk phone, 001 and 002 were the janitors, 003 was the main testing facility, with 004 the main production lines, 005 and 006 were in meeting room 5 and 6 (the largest ones they had), 007 was himself and 008 was Remus.

Starting 009 were personal lines, for everyone from a team leader to the finance department.

As he went over the phone list, his own phone started ringing.

Startled, Harry hurried around his desk, picking up and hearing Katie on the other side, telling him Ms. Abernaty was waiting for him at the reception. Checking his watch, he found it was 12:50, meaning Ms. Abernaty was punctual.

He nodded to Remus, and left Pepper in the older man's office, while he went and got Ms. Abernaty, for a talk.

Following the hallway towards the staircase, Harry descended, seeing more than one person looking at him and nod. It seemed Remus memo over the phone had gotten to a lot of people.

Looking at Katie, he saw her pointing towards a slim, blond haired woman of around 30, sitting down in one of the waiting rooms.

He approached, "Ms. Abernaty."

She turned, a small smile coming to her face, "Mr. Black."

Harry nodded, shaking her hand, before mentioning her to follow him. He led her up to his office and offered her a seat.

"Would you like something to drink, Ms. Abernaty?"

The woman seemed to think about it before asking for some water.

With a smile, Harry pressed 999 on his phone, connecting him to house elves into the building's kitchens, asking for a water and some coffee to be brought to his office. As he put down the phone, a tray popped up on his desk, holding the requested items.

He had to smile, happy that he'd hired a group of 10 house elves who kept staff supplied with drinks throughout the day, as well as snacks, should they be requested. They also manned the company kitchen and restaurant, where anyone who worked at MI could get breakfast, lunch and supper.

Smiling at the woman in front of him, he started; "Ms. Abernaty."

"Please, sir, Carol, I'd like to be spoken to by my given name."

"Carol then, could you tell me what happened between out first phone call and now?"

Carol nodded, "when I called you, business for Fred were going really badly, or at least, that's how they seemed to look for me, every time I looked at bills and our bank account. We're low middleclass, but we do have 3 mouths to feed."

She took a deep breath, "when I called you, a friend of mine gave me your number and told me of your initiative especially for enhanced and magical people living in the muggle world. I never worked before, seeing as I didn't have my SATs, nor did I have a college degree. Fred always told me he didn't mind, that he would bring in the money so I could stay at home with the kids.

After I called you and you called him, offering to buy the business, I though all of our problems were solved. But weeks went by and not one dollar was put on our bank account. At first, I thought it was all a sham, and I am sorry for that, that we were set up and money wouldn't come."

A tear ran over Carol's cheek, "one night, after the kids went to bed, I wanted to spend some time with Fred, when I heard him on the phone, talking to someone named Kelsey, with whom he had an affair with, who he gave so much of our money seeing as she did have a job as a flight attendant, which is how they met.

He wanted to build up a life with her, and leave me, so he took the money you wired over to him, to book a flight to Hawaii with this Kelsey, telling me to be out of the house by the time he came back home, he left divorce papers behind."

Carol was crying now, "it's like he never cared about me, nor about our children. I have no idea where I should go with my children, nor do I know how I can provide for them.

He called me, furious, yesterday, yelling that I had ruined everything. The other woman had heard the conversation you had with him and left him just like that, because he wasn't rich anymore - talk about superficial."

Taking the handkerchief Harry handed to her, Carol wiped away her tears.

"I wanted to make sure you knew this, Mr. Black, what really happened and when I did call it was for the best possible future for my family, I only after found out what a scumbag my ex-husband is."

Harry nodded, a soft smile on his face, "it would seem, Carol, that you have had quite the hectic live for the last few months."

Carol just nodded.

"Tell me, do you know anything about your ex-husband's business?"

Carol nodded, "I helped him do the finances, as I always loved arithmancy while in school and even though I don't have a muggle education, I still did the finances and loved to listen to Fred's stories about his work."

Harry nodded, "then would you be willing to take over the rental agency?"

Carom gaped at the man in front of her, not believing what it was she was hearing.

"Just like that?"

Harry shrugged, "I already fired him and don't plan on hiring him back. With me taking over the company the coming week, we were going to look for a new manager anyway. But if I can already hire someone, who knows how it was run and would like to do it, I don't see why not."

Carol gaped some more, "I... I would love to, Mr. Black, but my children..."

Harry waved a hand, "first of all, my employees call me Harry, I don't really do formal. And second, MI has an intern day-care for children of our employees. I know a lot of people that work for me are rather young and would like children, or have young children, that need care, even if they have to work.

To compensate I set, or had my godfather set up, a company wide day-care for children up to 12-years-old. We have people who go and collect children at the school they go to, or even at a nursery they stay during the day - so you can come and get them when you're done working.

Would this be agreeable for you?"

Carol nodded, "Yes, Mr. Bl... Harry, thank you, I would love to. I love cars, especially after I married a nomaj who loved them and told them all about them when we were younger and still dating. I also know the girl, Charlotte, who works there."

Looking at Harry, she added, "he probably let the poor girl open it all alone, she's a great administrative worker, but that's about it. Can you, is it possible to keep her on."

Harry smiled but nodded, "I let her know we'd let her know when we had a new manager, or if we didn't find anyone else, some other job within MI for her."

Carol nodded, "she'd like that, she's a student at the UCLA, majoring in marketing, so some experience in sales is great on her resume. I, how are we doing this then?"

Harry smiled and called for Remus, knowing that the werewolf would hear him, and indeed, within a minute, the man was walking into the office, smiling at his godson, as well as Carol, he shook her hand.

"Carol here as accepted in taking over the rental agency from her soon-to-be ex-husband, could you help for a moment with the contract, as well as the paperwork for the inside day-care?"

Remus nodded, waling back to his office and coming back with a contract and the paperwork for the day-care, taking a seat next to Carol, he started to explain.

They decided on a 32 hour contract, for day hours, which meant they needed 2 more managers to man the early and the late shift, but that was a problem for later. After Carol signed, Remus went over the paperwork for the day-care, telling her which papers she needed to fill out, which things they had to know about the children, and which paper to file at their school, so their workers had permission to go and get the kids from school.

As they stood and shook Carol's hand, the woman thanked them again, thanking them for taking the time to listen to her and to even solve all her problems for her. She looked forward to starting work on Monday, Harry promised to let Charlotte know that the girl could start up then too and to drop by that week to see how everything went.

Guiding her back to the reception, Harry waved at her, waved at Katie, before going back upstairs to have Remus introduce him to everyone and show him just where everything was in MI.

Feel free to add me on discord Lerya#6444.Or send me an e-mail: lerya.fanfic@gmail.comOr follow me on tumblr: lerya-fanfic.tumblr.com

Already updating, hope no one minds I do so earlier than normal.

My country is in partial lockdown, so my almost-3 yo was home this week, while my husband is working from home and has a broken toe, so a lot of the chores and toddler watching/keeping busy has been my job.So I am just really tired right now, won't be able to post later (as I normalle do after dinner).

Enjoy, and let me know what you think about it!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

After getting to meet all the managers and administrative staff in the building, Harry made a clip of himself - introducing himself as the new CEO, taking over from Remus. What his goals were for the company and what he wanted to accomplish for his workers.

He also asked them all to come to him if they had any questions or propositions, that he'd love to listen to all of them. He even mentioned that should they know someone who was looking for a job, to let them know and give any contact information they had on the person job hunting.

Before leaving MI with Pepper, he went by HR, to file the contract Carol had signed, as well as to ask Dora to call Charlotte and let her know she could start again next Monday, for at least 32 hours a week, until new managers were found. If she came by the coming week to sign her new contract as a working student.

After saying goodbye to Dora and Remus, waving at Katie and other people he had met during the day, Harry checked his watch to see it was only 4 PM in the afternoon, prompting him to go back into the city with Pepper to buy some picture frames for his office, as well as some plants to put there as well.

While he never liked gardening after growing up at the Dursleys, he did however like keeping plants and looking after them. Enjoying something grow and become stronger always reminded him of himself and gave him something to do on the quiet periods - like cutting away dead leaves and watering his plants.

Taking their time to wander the city after, they made their way back to the Black home just before dinner time.

As they walked in, Pepper was on her phone when she suddenly snorted, a laugh coming to her lips as she was glued to her screen.

As she looked up and saw the questionable glances of Remus and Harry, she handed over her phone to her best friend.


'Potts to leave Stark for mystery man'



'New love for Pepper Potts'



'Stark out, new man in'


It went in like that for a while, always accompanied by pictures of the both of them out and about. Having fun, as best friends do, especially best friends who hadn't seen each other face to face in 5 years.

Harry scoffed too, before handing the phone to Remus, Dora looking at it over her husband's shoulder.

Remus scoffed too, "seems like the vultures already descended on you, Harry, this is still quite innocent, but let me know if they cross the line, I got a lot of feedback today that people were looking forward to working with and for you - so PR would love to start a law suit when they slander or use you to purposely give out bad information."

Harry nodded, beaming at Remus when the man said his employees were looking forward to working for and with him.

Remus nodded, "the story of what you did for Carol, as well as it being your idea to provide a company day-care, won you a lot of points, cub. You might be young, but you do think thus through and are more than open to innovation from your workers - that's a special case."

Looking at Pepper, he added, "I think SI is the only other company in the state to use such a tactic."

Pepper nodded, "Tony became the owner of SI, technically, at 16, when his parents died. He held off on actually being part of the company until he was 17 and had finished at MIT. He took over as head of R&D the moment he graduated and became CEO at 21.

Seeing as he was so young, he was mostly treated as someone who didn't know their stuff, which never made sense, seeing as he has 3 PHD's and a couple of Master diploma's in different fields. But anyway, seeing as he was not taken seriously until he started making real changes, he got the love from his employees for providing things like dental care, a hospital insurance and the possibility to let him know if something was bothering them or if they had an idea to add to the empire that was SI."

She took her phone back and put it away, "also, as someone who is at most time, doing 100 things at once, it helped to have people at hand who knew what he was doing, or who had suggested the idea of what he was doing and could give a helping hand.

Not to forget that we also have a very successful internship program, with a great medic and dental plan as well, and contrary to most internships, ours are paid."

She had to laugh, as she looked up and saw Harry writing this down.

"Watch it, Potter, don't go stealing our ideas."

Harry shook his head, a smile on his face, "I wouldn't dare to do that to you, Pepper, but I have to agree that a paid internship would be something I'd love to work towards. After all, right now, MI still is a new player on this field, but who knows where we'll be in a couple of years' times.

We have a solid base, something my mom, dad and Sirius worked for back when MI was founded. It went to a bit of a low burn when the war was fully in play and stopped for a year when my parents were murdered. Remus became the primary contact person after Sirius went to prison, so a lot couldn't be done while he was in England.

But these last 5 years we've been making a name for ourselves and getting the right kind of attention to play the big games now too."

Remus hummed, "I think, Harry, that's because of you, for a large part, you are not afraid to help out businesses who are close to the ground, but have great ideas and just need someone to sponsor that idea."

Pepper added, "also people like someone who supports or has a charity organisation under their name, it given them some humanity. Tony gets the same good publicity for the Maria Stark-foundation."

This had both Remus and Harry humming, using the time before dinner to put some ideas on paper. Before Dora entered the dining room again, Teddy trailing after her to take a seat when she floated the pots and pans to the table and snatched away the paper Remus and Harry were writing on.

"No work on the dining table, and Harry you're not officially at work yet. It's still you vacation time, enjoy it. I will put this away and leave it on your desk in the morning, for you to continue on, after your vacation days are up."

Meekly nodding at that, both Remus and Harry had to stifle giggles about how much Dora looked like her mother at that time. Andromeda Tonks nee Black might be an older witch, but she was still a Black and one that knew her way around household spells and disciplinary curses.

Which she no doubt taught to Dora before she went to America. Blacks were known for their excellent spell work after all.

As they settled at the table and got their fill of the amazing dinner Dora had made, Harry made sure to spend some time with Teddy after they ate, until the little guy went to bed.

He drove Pepper to her apartment back in the city, agreeing to meet again the day after - he hadn't really taken a lot of clothes with him from England, planning on shopping for those things here in the USA, hoping to enjoy doing that with Pepper.

Coming home after, he changed into his Pyjama, and went to bed, the jetlag finally catching up with him.

 

The week of vacation was over before Harry really knew what was happening, he spends a good portion of that week clothes shopping, or shopping for things to put in his office or in his room at the house.

When they weren't doing that, he and Pepper were walking through the city, the redhead pointing out everything from good places to get coffee, to fine dining establishments, to the Juwelier Tony went to, to get his Rolex working again.

On Thursday, after some time bugging Pepper, she invited Happy to the Black estate to properly introduce him to her extended family.

While he was a very different type of person than Colin was, he was obviously very taken with Pepper and would give her the moon and stars, should she ask. Which to Harry, Remus and Dora was the most important part.

They did however scare Happy for a bit when they told him he had 5 other older brothers to convince in time, should he ever consider wanting to marry Pepper. He had assured them he would keep that in mind, but as they hadn't been dating for that long, he hadn't given that any thought yet.

Remus and Harry could respect that, it was one thing to have a relationship without thinking about the future. Or having a relationship and thinking about the future, but still enjoying the now instead of already planning years ahead.

After seeing Happy out of the door and taking Pepper home, she thanked him and Remus and Dora for doing this for her. She knew she would never be able to introduce Happy to her mother not with the way Molly was acting.

And introducing him to Arthur could only be done after the man grew the balls to leave his wife.

Her brothers were a fact, and she had mentioned this to Happy, that should he ever ask her to marry him, he had to ask her brothers, all of them, for their approval.

Harry had pressed a kiss to her hair at that, knowing just how much it hurt for Pepper to have a mother who already had planned out your entire life - only to see that crumble when things didn't turn out that way and take out her frustrations on anyone but herself.

Not only that, but what grown woman expected her adult children to stay in the home they grew up in, only to make her feel better. Which wasn't that big of a problem the first month, as they all are enjoying having family close while they grieved. Both after months of being cooped up at home, Molly still hadn't relented nor allowed any of her children to leave, even those who had their own home.

When Ginny had left, the others had soon followed. Ron and Hermione, not having a house of their own then, stayed with Harry for the time being until they had their own house.

Which again, was a point Molly used in explaining Harry had turned her own children against her.

 

That Friday however was quite hectic, with the gala taking place that evening for the funding of a new children's hospital, one especially decorated for the enhanced, and magical, children popping up more and more.

A lot of hospitals either weren't equipped to deal with those kids or got backlash and other problems from patients who were anti enhanced or anti mutant. Which as a lot of hate, didn't make sense?

With Pepper, Harry, Remus, and Dora all invited, they had hired one of the company day-care employees to babysit Teddy for the evening.

Saying their goodbye to Clara, said employee, Remus, Dora and Harry all got in the limo who'd take them to the gala - all of them quite looking forward to it, this was the perfect opportunity to get to know other people who didn't have a problem with enhanced and who could potentially become a great partner or ally for MI.

Add to the fact that this would be the first outing any of the board members of MI had ever done, hoping to get a lot of attention on that too, now that Harry was set to become CEO and they was taken 5 years to get MI to a level they had wanted to be at.

Lastly, they were also looking forward to meeting Tony Stark, as Pepper had told them he'd be present too.

Feel free to add me on discord Lerya#6444. I also have a channel for fanfic updates/discussion/... I can add you to :D Or send me an e-mail: lerya.fanfic@gmail.comOr follow me on tumblr: lerya-fanfic.tumblr.com


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Tony and Pepper, as always got quite the attention when they arrived, for once on time - but then again Pepper had made sure Tony didn't need to do anything for a week, just concentrate on his own project and enjoy the time he got to spend with his bots and brain.

The last thing he could do was to be on time for this one event at the end of the week, which was to finance a new children's hospital to take care, especially, of children from enhanced or children who were enhanced themselves whom other hospitals couldn't, or wouldn't, take care of.

The vultures descended on them the moment they got out of the Stark Company car, Happy for once not driving, as he had a day off today. But with Pepper at his side and so many people around them, he wasn't all that afraid of anyone trying something.

The vultures however, where a very different story, shoving their mics and cameras into their faces the moment they stepped onto the red carpet, asking everything from SI related questions, to a personal question about their relationship (which was not, and would never happen - even if they wouldn't tell that to the media), as well as questions directed to Pepper about the strange, but handsome man she had been seen with this past week.

Most questions, personal ones at least, were ignored and not answered. Tony stopped for a moment with a reporter from some science magazine who had some intelligent questions about the new Stark Phone that was about to come out in 2 months' time.

Entering the banquet hall, both Pepper and Tony mingled with their acquaintances, such as Dr. Stephen Strange and Dr. Christine Palmer, both known for their ground-breaking work in neurosurgery. Dr. Strange in particular was invested in the health and care of enhanced children - his younger sister had been an enhanced, but with the mindset of people back then, she was not helped when she was ill and died from pneumonia.

Stephen had once told them that the death of his sister was the reason, he became a doctor, to help people no matter who they were different groups too much to put up with.

Other acquaintances included Professor Charles Xavier, Dr. Reed Richards (even if he and Tony didn't always see eye to eye) and Jennifer Walters.

As they were catching up, both Christine, Susan, as well as Ororo and Jean asked Pepper about the man she had been seen with this last week.

Pepper laughed, knowing that all of the people in this circle knew she and Tony were not an item, and would never be.

"He is my best friend from back home, he needed to take care of some things in the UK, but he finally was able to come overseas and take over as CEO for his own company."

At the questionable humming from all her girlfriends, Pepper elaborated, "He's the new CEO of Marauder Inc., taking over from his godfather now that he has moved to the states."

Christine whistled, "he's doing great things, I know a lot of his medical supplies help us with more enhanced patients, where normal supplies just don't cut it."

Pepper nodded, "I know, he really likes helping others, made it his business to have as many departments as possible to make sure he can actively help with making the world a better place. Also, if you'd check his HR records, you'd find that MI has the highest record of enhanced employees than anywhere else in the world.

They're doing better than SI on that field, not to mention the things he would do for his employees."

She told them what had happened at the rental agency, and later what had happened with Carol and Charlotte; and the way Harry solved it, in such a Harry kind of way.

All the women cooed at that, none of them had children at this moment, but she knew Susan and Reed wanted to start a family soon, so to hear a CEO thinking far enough ahead to make sure that his employees who were all rather young, had an in-company day-care, was very refreshing to hear.

Susan smiles as she asked, "his parents must be very proud."

Pepper winced, "We don't know, they died when he was a toddler, his godfather, Remus, is the only one from the founders of MI who is still alive. We try not to bring it up, seeing as we won't be able to answer those questions - if they would be proud of Harry.

We're assuming they would be, so very proud, but we can't know for sure."

Susan frowned, a hand on her heart, "why is it that genius, and amazing people have such tragic pasts."

Pepper shrugged, although her eyes did rest on Tony for a second, thinking about that question. She felt so bad for both her best friends that to make it, and to be able to be so great, they first had to lose everything. And even than it took years for people to recognize then as their own people, instead of the son of...

She was beyond proud of both of them, of being able to come out of their father's shadow and make a name for themselves helping the world in their own way.

Seeing a commotion at the entrance, Pepper had to grin, especially when her phone pinged, letting her know the delegation of MI arrived, no doubt causing the vultures to fall over themselves as they recognized the MI company car pulling up and admitting the man they had described as a nobody - it was even funnier, as she knew MI's PR department had a lawsuit ready to sue all of the tabloids for discrediting their CEO, new as he was, the first week he was in the US (great first impression too).

Breaking up the women only talks, they joined their male companions, Pepper letting Tony know that Harry, Remus, and Dora had arrived.

 

As soon as the car stopped in front of the venue the charity gala would take place in, Remus warned Harry about the flashing lights and the yelling from the reporters, which was a good thing the werewolf did. Seeing as soon as the door opened, it looked like the spots of a quidditch stadium were all directed at Harry, as well as enough noise to rival a quidditch match.

People did start to quit down and gape, quite unattractively, as they noticed the same man who had been seen with Pepper Potts throughout the week standing before them.

Only to start another frenzy at trying to get answers out of him, as Potts and Stark had been unwilling to answer questions.

Ignoring them and walking forward at the guidance of Remus' hand on his shoulder, they stopped at a reporter at a business interview, who had asked if Remus was really stepping down as CEO.

Remus had smiled, but nodded, "I was always acting as stand-in CEO, to be honest. I am actually the CFO of MI, have been since my best friends founded it. However, their son, Harry, still had some businesses to take care of back in the UK, so I agreed to stand in as CEO for as long as needed.

Now, since Harry has finally graced us with his presence here in the USA, I will gladly step down and let him, officially handle everything pertaining MI."

When the interviewer asked what he meant by that, Remus elaborated, "Harry has been the genius behind every change and product MI had fabricated for the last 5 years, he was just never around to actually see it happening - too busy taking care of his investments in the UK to come over to America full time. Now that he has, I don't see why I shouldn't credit him for all the things he has done."

When asked about Pepper, Harry answered, saying that, "they were old friends who hadn't seen each other in real life for 5 years, of course they would use that time to hang out like old times. I was kind of disappointed that tabloids here in America don't really do research before printing their pictures, so I'm sure they'll think twice from now on, when my legal team comes knocking with a legal suit - I am still on the fence on what to think about America."

Turning to Remus, he casually asked, "I'm sure we could relocate, should there be a need to, to a country who does thinks before they write slander and lies into their papers."

Without commenting further, Harry walked towards the entrance, a smirk on his face, one mirrored to a lesser degree by Remus and Dora, they both remembered the way Harry had dealt with the Prophet when the war was over and they had started writing about everything in his life again.

The paper had gotten sued within an inch of its life, enabling Xeno Lovegood to buy the paper and change it to an actually readable newspaper - bringing news like a normal Muggle newspaper did it, from everyday news, to politics, business deals and the results in the latest quidditch match.

Right now, it was more popular than the former Prophet ever was.

As they entered, Harry let his eyes run over the crowd, only stopping when he saw Pepper and the good looking man next to her, which he knew was Tony Stark.

 

When Pepper let him know that the delegation from Marauders Inc., had finally arrived, he couldn't help but look over at the door, noticing that everyone around them seemed to do the same.

The first people entering, was obviously a couple: he was approaching 50 with grey in his tawny brown hair, and very noticeable amber coloured eyes. He stood at a respectable length of 6'1, with a lean build, especially for a person his age.  He was dressed in a dark brown suit, with a purple shirt and a creamy coloured tie.

The woman on his arm was closer to 35, than to 40, but seemed to be young in spirit, going on from her pixy cut hairstyle, which was black with pink tips. Her eyes, a very otherworldly grey, were looking at the man with a lot of love in her eyes. She was also quite a bit shorter than her husband, standing at 5'4, with delicate curves, dressed in a purple gown with a high neck, almost like a halter neckline, leaving her arms bare as it fitted tightly around her breasts and waist, before flaring out in a full skirt.

The last person to enter, was the one who got the most attention, totally deserved it too.

Hadrian Black stood at 6'2, a little taller than he himself was, with a lean build, even if he suspected those clothes to hide quite a bit of muscle, his black hair at chin length - yet styled away from his face. His vivid green eyes were scanning the room, and he could see it when he noticed Pepper, the laughter dancing behind those greens making them all the more memorable to look at.

He was dressed in a black three piece suit, with a purple shirt, no doubt to colour coordinate with his godfather and aunt, a black tie and looked totally delicious in it.

As if reading his mind, Pepper turned and glared at him when she saw the look on his face, a hissed, 'don't you think about it, I will not be yanked between my two best friends because you couldn't keep it in your pants.'

Tony just nodded, he too didn't want this to be a one time thing, he wanted to get to know Hadrian Black, both as a competitor, but also as Pepper's other best friend. He already felt that they would and could be friends, given time. He had to wait until Friday, even though he knew the man was in the country since Monday, to introduce himself in a way that would make him memorable - too many people believed the tabloids and wouldn't give him the time of day, even if he was genuine interested in becoming acquainted with them. From what Pepper had told him, Hadrian wouldn't be like that, giving him hope to add another interesting friend to his already wide circle of interesting friends.

Feel free to add me on discord Lerya#6444. I also have a channel on discord for my fics, so feel free to ask to be added to that too.Or send me an e-mail: lerya.fanfic@gmail.comOr follow me on tumblr: lerya-fanfic.tumblr.com

Seeing Pepper further down the hall, Harry made eye contact with Remus and nodded towards her, with a smile and a nod the older men waved him off, going back to talking with the senator, as well as the spokes person of the local magical community.

Taking a few steps towards where Pepper, Tony, and their friends were gathered, he could feel the looks of others on his back. Their scrutiny no doubt ending the moment they read tomorrow just who he actually was.

Getting close to the group, he was suddenly blocked by a brown haired man getting in his way.

The man was a little older than him, wearing glasses and while a nice suit, it was obviously not right for his body type - not that Harry ever let appearance deceive him, the arrogant way the man was standing in front of him rubbed him the wrong way.

"Yes, can I help you?"

The man grinned, "Yes, I think you can, you see, I have read the magazines and saw you hanging around with Ms. Potts over there."

Harry just arched as eyebrow at that, noticing that the man hadn't even introduced himself.

"Yes, and...?"

The man's grin got wider, and if possible creepier, "I'm afraid I'll have to burst your bubble and tell you she is a committed relationship with Tony Stark, so sadly enough you won't stand a chance."

Harry's eyebrow only arched higher, now disappearing in his hairline, staring at the man as if he had lost his marbles.

Not letting that look deter him the man continued, "but if you are available, I am more than happy to accompany you today, for the right price of course."

That last was said while giving Harry a once over, a shiver going over the Potter-Black lord as he minced over the words.

"Are you telling me you think I am some sort of escort?"

The man grinned at him, obviously not knowing just how deeply in the shit he was lowering himself.

Before Harry could reply however, Pepper was standing next to him, Tony not far behind. From the look on the older man's face he had either heard or guessed just what this man had said to him.

"Are you alright Harry?"

Harry pursed his lips, a look of contempt on his face, queuing Pepper that something had been said that didn't go over well with her best friend. Turning to the other man, she addressed him.

"Justin Hammer, just what do you think you are doing?"

Hammer, now finally identified, thank you for that Pepper, gave Harry a once over again, "well Ms. Potts since you are enjoying the company of Tony here, I offered myself as a companion to your boytoy ever here."

More than one person had to swallow after that. Tony whispering something in her ear, most likely the fast that Hammer thought Harry was a paid escort.

The brit winced as he saw Pepper turn as red as her hair, knowing the following explosion would be more than Weasley worthy. From the look on Tony's face, he too was familiar with the way Pepper could explode when she felt slighted or insulted.

"Boytoy?"

A whisper came over Pepper's lips, the sheer contempt coming with it making Harry take a few steps back, so he was standing next to Tony Stark and not in the line of fire between Pepper and Hammer.

Like flipping a switch, Pepper suddenly smirked, "Allow me to introduce you, Harry, this is Justin Hammer, CEO of Hammer Industries and one of the competitors for the weapons division of SI.

Mr. Hammer, please allow he to introduce you to my best friend since secondary school, Lord Hadrian James Potter-Black, holding the lordship of the Potter, Black, Peverell and Gryffindor lordships, presented with the title of Marquis by Her Majesty The Queen on his relentless effort to stop the terrorist attacks plaguing the UK around the year 2000. Co-owner of too many companies to count, and current CEO of Marauder's Inc, the competitor to SI's other divisions."

When Pepper stopped talking, you could hear a pin drop in the hall they were in, just about everyone looking at all of them, but more notably at Justin Hammer, and the way he had been looking at the new CEO of Marauder Inc.

A slight noise escaped Hammer, before the originator of the charity event approached them and friendly asked Hammer to leave the premises. After, the man, one Dr. Alfred Porter, turned to Harry and apologised for all this happening.

Harry, finally finding his voice, waved it away, "this has nothing to do with you, Dr. Porter, but everything with the man you just banned from the event. I came here to support a goal I, and my company, want to support and the behaviour of one, pardon my words, asshole, is not going to change that.

Now if you will excuse me, I had hoped to talk to my best friend before the main event."

Dr. Porter nodded at him, sighing in relief that one of his main benefactors wasn't holding this against him. Turning towards the entrance, he was glad to not see Hammer anymore, the nerve of that man, to speak in such a way towards an English Lord, not only that but on the first charity event he had been invited too. What a way to stay with the people, despicable behaviour.

Nodding once more to Lord Black, he went back towards his own group of friends, excusing himself for his fast departure, only to be hushed by multiple women, them telling him they were happy he interfered. The way Hammer spoke to Lord Black was not even slightly appropriate, not in the circles they were mingling right now.

Alfred nodded, taking a hold of the drink his wife had been holding for him and sighed.

When someone tapped his shoulder however, he turned and found himself staring at Remus and Nymphadora Black-Lupin, Lord Black's closest relatives and until tonight the representatives of Marauder Inc.

"I would like to thank you for acting on behalf of my nephew, Dr. Porter, and would like to add that beyond the donation we will be making this evening, should you ever be in need of some sturdier equipment, make sure to give us a call."

As he said this, Remus pressed a business card in his hand, before nodding and turning around, leading his wife to speak with a congressman and a leading expert in mutant genes.

 

Harry blew out a deep breath as they made their way towards the group Pepper had been standing with, a hand on his arm a welcome touch after the confrontation with Hammer.

Taking a glass from a nearby server's tray, he downed it in one go, hoping it would make him feel a bit more at ease. After dealing with UK politics, Molly Weasley, Death Eaters, Voldemort, and the mess up that was the English Ministry of Magic, you would think he could deal with an arrogant businessman who went way beyond his league.

A small giggle escaped Pepper, a fond smile on her face, "oh, that reminds me. Harry meet Tony Stark, my best American friend. Tony, meet Harry Black, my best English friend."

The two men shook hands, fond looks directed at the woman walking in between them.

"Nice to meet you, Tony."

"Likewise, Harry."

A comfortable silence sprung up between them, until they were back with the group Pepper and Tony had been standing with, more than one person looking at Harry like he was some foreign royalty or something.

A voice suspiciously sounding like Hermione said in his head, 'you kind of are, marquis and all that.'

Pepper always on point, hummed, "right introductions. Harry meet Professor Charles Xavier, he's the leading authority on mutant genes, as well as the headmaster of the school Remus and Dora are considering sending Teddy to.

Next are two of the school's teachers; Jean Gray and Ororo Munroe. Jean teaches psychology and helps the kids with any problems they might have, while Ororo teaches English.

Then are Susan and Reed Richards, they are part of the Fantastic 4 team protecting New York, as well as our leading experts on interdimensional travel and intergalactic physics.

Lastly, we have Dr. Christine Palmer and Dr. Stephen Strange, both neurosurgeons, with at least one enhanced family member. Both of them are willing to work part time in the new enhanced hospital we are funding tonight."

Turning towards her other friends, Pepper added, "everyone, this is Harry Black, current, starting Monday, CEO of Marauder Inc. and my best friend from the UK."

Harry nodded at everyone he was introduced to, getting smiled and nods back from all of them.

Professor Xavier asked, "your family is thinking of sending someone to my school."

Harry nodded, "Teddy's 5 now, and he goes to a local school that does cater to more enhanced students, but they are also more of a day-care facility and not a real school. With him turning 6 soon, Remus and Dora have been looking into schools that cater to enhanced individuals and yours came out on top."

The professor smiled at that, happy to know that his institution was known through out the circles it had to be known about and that parents were aware their children were welcome there.

Jean asked, "Might I ask what his mutation entails?"

Harry nodded, "he got something like a feral mutation from his father, even if it hasn't manifested yet, we don't know if it ever will. It might set in with puberty.

From his mother he got an easier one, Dora can change her appearance at will, as can Teddy, he has it mostly under control, but as a child it slips his control at times and with the stigma around mutants in certain schools, we'd like it if he could go to a school were his unique ability only makes him more special."

Pepper snorted, "it particularly handy when he doesn't want to share his emotions with us, seeing as his hair acts like a mood ring at those times."

A voice piped up from behind them, "see Remus, I knew out niece and nephew were talking about us."

Turning around, Remus and Dora were standing there, grins on their faces. Making both Pepper and Harry snort.

"Like the two of you haven't been talking about us."

Remus smiled, "of course we did, one of the youngest CEO's of the country and one of the most sought after PA in the history of PA's, we've been bragging to hell and back about the two of you. As well as confirming that everything that Pepper here said was indeed true. Making it so that a lot of people present today have put Justin Hammer on their Blacklist."

Tony snorted, "I am sure with how many phones were out that the world with know what Hammer did and put him on the communal Blacklist. Acting like that here of all places if a stake in his socialite career."

The people around them nodded, it was indeed social suicide to assume anything of anyone you met at events such as this. And to assume was one thing, but to assume someone was an escort, only to find they outrank you on every side was just downright killing anyone's socialite status.

The group mingled some more, before the speakers announced the start of the main event, a presentation of what the hospital should and would look like once construction was finished, both on the inside as on the outside. As well as what they would be offering in short term and long term care.

Making their way towards the tables assigned, they were pleased to note that Professor Xavier, Ororo and Jean were sitting on the same table as Pepper and Tony, as well as Remus, Dora, and Harry.

Stephen, Christine, Reed and Susan were also at the sale table, accompanied by some other doctors or scientist who either were enhanced or had family that were.

Directing their attention to the front, they were all entertained with a detailed map and plan of, and for, the future hospital for enhanced children.

At the end of the event, Harry was sure he had found a new group of friends to keep in contact with here in America. He of course still had his friends in England, but he also knew that he wouldn't be seeing most of them for some time, as they were all busy with reforming the British Ministry of Magic, as well start their own lives - now that there was no war going on.

From the people Pepper had introduced him to, he got along the least with Stephen Strange, and Christine Palmer, not that he didn't like both. But with both of them being neurosurgeons, the topic of conversations went to medical jargon a lot of times, and this was one thing he never had an interest in.

Susan and Reed Richards were a very strange couple, in the fact that it seemed that they didn't fit together at first glance, until you got to know them, and then it all made sense. Sue was the very social part of that pairing, always knowing what to say and enjoying attention when she got it. Reed on the other hand was a bit of a socially awkward nerd, but he always followed Sue's guidance, so it didn't matter that much.

Professor Xavier, as well as Jean and Ororo were people he admired, mostly because they invested in the next generation, especially a part of the next generation that might not be welcomed elsewhere. To hear from themselves, just what they had to go through, and the troubles they had gone through at the start of the school, was only awe inspiring. Add to that, that the X-man, consisting of most of the teachers, and quite a part of the off-age students, did everything they could do when a situation with an enhanced went out of hand.

Remus and Dora had spoken some more with the professor, as well as with both teachers, and had agreed to come and enjoy a tour, as well as an introduction to the other teachers, and some students. Their minds were already made up, but they did want to be sure, seeing as the school was on the other side of the country.

This would mean they would look for a property closer to New York, as to not have to scramble up Teddy's schedule more than was needed, Dora and Remus could work with the 3 hour time difference, knowing that Harry wouldn't mind them doing part of the work from home, to pop over to HQ after they dropped off Teddy at school.

Now, the person Harry connected the most with was Tony Stark, which shouldn't be all that surprising seeing how well Pepper got along with him. Tony, to Harry, was a very intellectual conversationalist, they could both talk about their companies, as well as their policies and the view of the future they had for their company, and for their own lives.

Pepper had only smiled secretive as they both got lost in talks about their new lines of phones, between the Stark Phone, which Harry had to admit was an advanced piece of electronics.

Yet, Tony was also singing praises over the new Marauder Phone, with its durability and the magical component which allowed magical inclined to use it, without it blowing up.

Before talking business, and more specifically the magical side of things. Harry had asked Pepper if Tony was up to date, to which the redhead had replied that he indeed was. Back when she first came to work as his PA, he had done, or tried to do, a background search, but seeing as Pepper Potts hadn't existed long enough, he hadn't found any real information.

While she'd been able to keep him at a distance about that for some time. The moment they started to become friends, next to being boss and employee, Pepper had gotten all the correct paperwork in order and had given Tony a class in Magic 101. Much to his delight, even if he had tried to explain most of what had been happening by science. Both of them had a very fun weekend with Pepper explaining and showing anything Tony had asked, and Tony giving his own explanation to everything, as well as a closer bond between the two of them.

So, Harry knew he was all right with telling Tony about the magical component of the new Marauder phone, he had erected a privacy barrier first though, not that anyone had noticed; and if anyone did, they most likely thought it was because of some mutant gene.

At the end of the night, Tony had invited Harry to his Malibu mansion, to talk it all over some more - after all, while Harry didn't have the IQ Tony had, he was a very enjoyable conversations partner, and it helped that he knew Harry wasn't some gold digger out for the Stark fortune. He hadn't been able to find back statements, but he had asked Pepper once, and she had told him Harry was worth more than he was, and that was quite the statement.

The evening had also ended on a joyous note, the money needed for the new hospital had been gathered, with some extras. So Dr. Porter had come personally to thank Marauder Inc., and Stark Industries for their contribution, knowing both companies had given the greatest contribution.

Dr. Porter was also pleasantly surprised to find that both companies wouldn't mind donating another time, should they need it. Both CEO's gave him a card and told them to forward an invite should it be needed.

 

The next morning, social media, as well as most of the gossip rags were filled with the confrontation between Pepper Potts and Justin Hammer. As well as more information as to who the mysterious man seen together with Potts was.

Social media in particular was eating Hammer alive, for his behaviour towards Harry, as well as the way he talked to Pepper, as if he one up-ed her over something that he had not done at all.

To add to that, a lot of people saw Pepper as #Goals for the way she defended her friends, and the way she put Hammer in his place. More than one woman magazine had contacted the redhead for an interview, and several online forums were declaring her a hero for being a strong and confident woman in a man's world, not afraid to say what needed to be said.

With Pepper's introduction the gossips rags were also cowed at the words they had written about him, Tony had however warned that they changed opinions, faster than the snap of a finger, so to look out for them, as they would write dirt about him the moment they even suspected it.

Tony had shared with him, that as a teen, just graduated from MIT at 16, and taking over as head of R&D, he had partied a lot, mostly to deal with the changes in his life, as well as a bad coping mechanism for everything that went wrong. Anyway, that image this followed him everywhere, meaning that the moment they saw him leaving with anyone it was his newest conquest, just as the moment he was seen with a drink in hand, he was losing himself to booze once more.

Several forums, as well as people on social media were speculating what a multiple British Lord was doing in America, at least until statements from MI were released, putting the company in America all the way back to the 1990's, having been founded by Harry's parents, and their best friends.

While it didn't calm down, Harry had learned to ignore it by Monday, fresh and ready to start his new adventure as CEO of MI.

Tony was so glad Pepper had introduced her other best friend to him, not only was the man a great conversation partner, but be was also good looking. The moment however, Pepper had seen the look in his eyes, she had talked to him in the car on their way home from the fundraiser. Telling him that she couldn't dictate what he did, but if he screwed this up, she would choose her longest friend.

He had nodded and put it onto a backburn. He was attracted to the Brit, but wanted to get to know him better, as a friend first. Not that he doubted Pepper, but it wouldn't be the first time he thought he connected to someone, only to have them do a complete 180 the moment he had either slept with them or wanted to begin a relationship with that other person.

Being known by the media since he was a child, also held a lot of drawbacks. With the way he had appeared at his parent's sides back when they were still alive, as well as in magazines for as long as he remembered, people were undoubtedly going to form an opinion of him, even if that opinion was formed on the things they had read in magazines and on the internet.

He had thanked Pepper for the great evening, before dropping her off at her apartment, glad two of his friends were happy together. They might not know it, but he had recognized Happy's car out front, as well as the way both of them looked at the other when they thought he wasn't looking.

He thought it sweet that they actually thought they could hide this from him, but he would wait for them to tell this to him, on their own time.

Driving, for him, however, was bliss, especially after spending it with so many people who saw through his mask and knew the real Tony. Even if he and Reed didn't see eye to eye on most things, the man was a friend when it counted, and when he needed one.

At home, he entered his workshop and called out to his bots and JARVIS.

Asking his AI to start a folder, on his private server to see where SI and MI could potentially co-operate in the future. He wanted to keep it quiet first, as to make sure he had a whole plan, and of course Harry's approval before he put anything forward to the board.

Partnering with another tech company might just satisfy the old bastards, and Obie, if he could present a better way to use their resources, as right now a lot still went to the weapons division, as no one, except for him and Pepper, wanted to change that.

Don't fix what isn't broken, of however the saying goes, even if he never felt comfortable with making so many weapons. He'll look it over, hopefully he'll be able to present a plan to the board in about 6 months, he'd have that weapons demo in Afghanistan then, pertaining their new Jericho missile.

Closing off, he nodded to himself, he'd give himself just under 6 months to let the board see that going more towards electronics was a better solution, than only concentrating, or mostly concentration on weapons development. Weapons might not be needed anymore in the future, but the futurist in him knew that they electronics, and technology would stay long, very long, after their time.

In, or around, LA, two men spend their weekends thinking back fondly about the new friendships they made at a charity gala of all things. Looking forward to what this would all bring them I the future, especially with the slow marching of different societies, enhanced weren't staying hidden and it was time the world accounted for that.

What neither knew however, was that in 6 months, the world would get to know something else, something only minorly mainstream right now, something that would kickstart a lot of event in the future.

Death could only smile, knowing her Merchant, and her Master had met. Now they had to meet in a slightly more secluded setting, and she could explain it all to them. Soon she would see them making a name for themselves, as Earth's Defenders.

Harry couldn't help but look around in awe at the entrance hall of Tony's Malibu mansion. They had agreed to meet up a few weekends after the gala, to see if a partial merge between MI and Si could be in their future.

After all, both of them were entrepreneurs in their field, not to forget that neither did this to make big money, as shown by the prices they put on their products, which still sold like hot buns. Not only that, but both Harry and Tony did a lot of what they did as philanthropists, to actually help the world with their progress.

Tony had also at one point told him that he wanted to shut down his weapons division, even if it was the biggest, because he didn't feel like it helped the world like he wanted to help it. If anything, war just became more brutal, with Stark products becoming only more effective, feeding the endless circle.

They had been in contact quite a lot after the benefit, having exchanged numbers and keeping each other posted on things that happened in their private lives as well.

Harry, for example, had shared the story of how Remus and Dora's visit to Xavier's instate had gone, and how exited they had been when coming back. Having met most of the teachers, as well as some full time residenting students, to see just how well Teddy would fit into the school. The answer was very well.

The fees were paid, and Teddy was ready to start school in Xavier's institute in a few months' time, giving Remus and Dora enough time to look for a home closer to North Salem.

Tony had in return told Harry about the weapon's presentation he would have to hold in little less than 6 months' time in Afghanistan, hoping it to be the last one he had to do, as he doesn't plan on renewing his contracts with the military. He hoped that coming with plans of a partial merger, or concrete ideas for products which had both MI and SI working on them, would turn over his board of directors to not see the loss of the weapons division as a major defeat for SI.

In fact, those plans had been why Harry was here, standing in this gorgeous entrance hall in the first place. He had agreed on doing that, partly because a cooperation between SI and MI would give him more acknowledgement, and because he liked working with Tony, or would like to do so, his gut feeling was telling him the both of them could be at the head of quite some changes in the near future.

JARVIS had already welcomed Harry to the mansion and told him that 'sir' will be right there. Which for Harry had been quite the shock, Tony had told him about his AIs, but to actually hear and interact with one was magnificent.

When tony did appear, it was in a grease stained pair of jeans, and an old ACDC shirt, a smile on his face.

"Sorry for the wait, Harry, I was fixing up one of my old timers and forgot to keep an eye on the time."

Harry just dismissed it with a wave of his hand, "I really don't mind, Tony, I know I can get distracted at times too. What kind of car are your working on?"

Tony stopped for a moment, "you don't mind?"

Harry shook his head with a smile, "why should I? I already know you are a genius, so your brain must be going 100 miles an hour, every hour of the day. If you can get it to quiet down while working on your car collection, who am I to have a problem with that - self-care is important you know."

Tony just smiled, like he couldn't believe he had someone in his life, as a friend, that didn't mind him forgetting or being late to an appointment, for the exact reason Harry had described. Pepper and Rhodey were the only other people who understood that he didn't arrive late to make a statement, but because his brain had something it wanted to figure out, and the only way to make it stop bugging him was to figure the thing out.

"And to answer your question, it's a vintage Austin Martin. Recently bought it at an auction, and I'm restoring it as a hobby."

Harry hummed, "yeah, Pepper did say you had multiple degrees, with one in engineering."

Tony nodded, "also several doctorates."

Harry hummed and smiled, seeing just how proud Tony actually was of his academic accomplishments, which he should be, no other 16 year old could graduate MIT with 3 PHDs and several other degrees, masters, or bachelors.

Suddenly, Tony shivered, "JARVIS, turn on the heating."

When there was no answer, Tony started looking around, hoping that the AI wasn't damaged, or there wasn't anything else going on.

Harry looked around too, noticing something outside that made him sigh.

"Tony, JARVIS is alright, the outside world was brought to a standstill, we are for lack of terms, trapped in a bubble outside of space and time at the moment, if you look outside, you can see some of the birds just hanging in mid-air, instead of flying."

Tony looked outside, and saw the same thing Harry had seen, making him look back at the wizard, still in worry.

"So, this is something magical, then? Did you get followed or tracked down, or...?"

A voice suddenly spoke to them, "My master has nothing to do with this, My Merchant, I captured the both of you in this space-time bubble, for I need to speak with you."

Harry sighed, a grumbled, "I should have known", passing from his lips as he turned around.

"Hello, Lady Death."

A figure seemed to materialise before Tony's eyes, a dark hood covering her features, for the voice that spoke had been undoubtably female. A cloak also covered her hands, although a scythe appeared in one of them as she materialised fully.

"I remember you..."

Death smiled at the American, "I am glad that you do, My Merchant, you spend enough time in my realm to know who I am."

Tony paled, no doubt remembering all the times he had met Lady Death, as she had explained to Harry, he had visited her quite often before. She had wanted to see the both of them together at one time, to tell them something, but also to make sure her Merchant remembered.

"But I'm alive now, right?"

Both Harry and Lady Death nodded, making Tony look at Harry, "you knew something about this?"

Harry shrugged, "I knew there was her Merchant, and her Champion, here in the USA, but I didn't know who they were, no. So, just to be fair, I didn't befriend you because I knew this. I was made aware of who you were, at the same time you were made aware of who I was."

Tony hummed, still not knowing what to think of all this.

"I never told My Master of who you were, Anthony Stark, the fact that the both of you have bonded so quickly is party because of the nature of your bond to me, indeed, but also because both of you are compatible, in more ways than one, outside of the bond all three of us share."

"Then why come out, and tell us now?"

"Because it is vital for the survival of this world that you meet. I cannot tell you more at this given time, seeing as I too am bond to certain secrets. But I can tell you that together you both will have a much better chance to conquer that which will come on your path."

Harry frowned, "does this have anything to do with the alien that thinks he is courting you?"

Lady Death sighed, but nodded, "it does."

Tony looked between Harry and Lady Death, a questionable look in his eyes.

Harry sighed, "long story short, some lone survivor of an alien race has got it into his head that by wiping out half the universe, he can win the affection of Lady Death, he has gone from planet to planet to kill off half the population, and leave the other half be.

He's still a long way from Earth, but I know we need to keep an eye on him in case he might take more drastic measures."

At this Lady Death looked away, making Harry frown, "he had, or he will, in the near future then."

"I cannot say, My Master."

Harry huffed, but nodded, knowing that some truths have to remain hidden, even from his as the Master of Death.

Tony looked between the two of them, "what does this have to do with me then?"

Lady Death smiled, "I gave you the name of Merchant of Death, after the many times you have visited me, unwillingly, yet never afraid to be in my presence. Just as my Master and my Champion, I granted you boons, one of which is your durability. There will be other boons, but they are not needed yet, so they will not show."

Tony swallowed, a pained look on his face, "the press me the Merchant of Death as well, but that's because of the impact my weapons have on the planet and the warfare still going on."

Lady Death nodded, "I did not give you that name to imitate that, you were given that name the second time you entered my realm."

Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times, "so, when I was 6? At the second kidnapping gone wrong."

Lady Death nodded, a sad smile on her face. Harry was looking between Lady Death and Tony.

"Wait, how many times has he visited you, then?"

Lady Death thought for a moment, "15 times."

Harry blinked, before approaching Tony, "you died 15 times already?"

Tony nodded, a little uncomfortable, "yeah, I had a lot of kidnappings done when I was a child and seeing as my f... as Howard never paid, the people kidnapping me sometimes went to drastic Measures. There was also and accident, where I wasn't the one driving where I didn't have a pulse for about 5 minutes. And I think one or two, fairly recent, where assassins got a hold of me."

Lady Death nodded, "that should be all of them indeed, but I never let you stay in my realm, knowing you didn't belong and were needed here, are still needed here, and will be needed here for a long time to come.

I made this bubble to make sure you both knew what the other was, as events will be set into motion soon that would be more pleasant if the both of you had each other to lean on."

Tony and Harry looked at each other, before looking at Death, "I think we were getting on quite nicely before too."

Lady Death nodded, "indeed, but your cooperation, and the ideas already on the table for a semi-merger can save both of you a lot of trouble in a few years. I needed to give you both the last push to connect on this level, and to know that the both of you, and one other, are bound in a way that hasn't been seen since ancient times."

Harry nodded, "I'll fill Tony in on that soon enough, does this mean we also have full disclosure on everything and anything?"

Lady Death nodded, "My Merchant will not be affected by anything you do with your powers, and vice versa, My Master. So, this gives you a place to do practice, without harming anyone."

At Tony's look Harry explained that he had known what he was since he was 17, about 5 years ago, but he never could act on those powers, or use them, seeing as he could harm others with it. He was also always in the presence of someone else who could be hurt by those powers, so he just didn't want to risk it.

"Now that you have met, some powers or boons might manifest, and some others will not. I cannot tell you this."

With a last smile, Lady Death bid the both of them goodbye before everything started moving like it should again.

"I'll turn up the heating, sir, although it is a nice 21 degrees Celsius right now."

 

IM1

 

The first hour after Lady Death had visited them were slightly awkward, after all who wouldn't be unsure of what to say when you were just visited by a primordial being. Those things didn't happen every day.

"Does Pepper know?"

Harry looked up as Tony asked him this, but nodded, "most of my friends in the UK know, since when she accepted me as her Master, so did the magic of the function."

Harry gave a soft sigh, "you have to know that I didn't have the best home life growing up, I was dropped with my mother's sister and her family. Who knew what magic was but hated and feared it. My childhood wasn't a good one, and one I later came to see as abusive.

But that notwithstanding, I was a scrawny little thing even at 17, I was short for my age, with almost no muscle build, and the same haircut for the last 15 years. But accepting, and being accepted, by Death's magic, it changed me. I grew taller seemingly overnight, my hair started growing again, and I filled out. So, I knew I had to tell some people what was really going on.

Already people were pointing their fingers at me, convinced I had drabbled in dark magic and that the effect of that magic was showing now. It also didn't help that I and my friends were trying to change things in the Wizarding World in the UK, changes that a lot of people didn't like because they went against the things they were used to.

Blaming me seemed the best solution for some of them, so I had to come up with a solution of my own. I told Pepper before she left for America, together with my best friends, Ron, Pepper's brother, and Hermione, Ron's wife.

Together we were able to explain that I had been taking a potions regimen to counter the signs of abuse I'd carry with me whole my life. This got a lot of people to back down, especially when it was backed by most of the people I went to school with. The only others who kept believing I was grooming myself to be the next Dark Lord were finally silenced when I moved here."

Tony tilted his head, "how can they be silenced by your moving here?"

Harry grimaced, "because I sold everything I had in the UK, liquified every asset I had, and publicly announced I would never show up in England ever again. MI does not have any holdings there, which will be something that they'll find out soon enough.

I... it seemed to be the best solution at the time, seeing as my friends and family can still come and visit me here, or we can meet up in Europe. But I had enough of the UK, and especially the Wizarding World there, and felt it best to start a new life here, in America."

Tony frowned; he couldn't understand how Harry had essentially let himself be bullied out of his home country. Not for something like this.

"Because the main voice behind me turning into a Dark Lord, is Pepper's mother. She had it into her head that Pepper and I would marry, and she would get beautiful grandchildren who unlike her family, would have money to spare.

But we didn't because we never saw each other that way. I'm gay, and not at all interested in a relationship with a woman. And Pepper just always saw me as another brother, after her first year at school at least, and didn't see herself married to me either.

Her mother disagreed with a lot of things, even tried to keep every one of her children, and in-laws, away from me by forbidding them from leaving the house. Partly because of me, partly because she had lost a child to the previous dark lord, as well as Pepper's fiance, and didn't want to lose anyone else."

Tony looked at him with giant eyes, "that's a very difficult woman, I imagine."

Harry nodded, "all her children don't speak to her anymore, not after what she did to them, and especially not after how she did to me. They all moved away and refuse to see her, or their father, unless he files for divorce, which he'll probably never do."

Tony whistled lowly, "that's some life you got away from."

Harry nodded, "I really just want to focus on MI right now, to be honest, to do my best to provide a future for the world. Especially with the hints Lade Death has given, we are going to need an edge."

The rest of their planning session went great, and both Tony and Harry had several plans to show to their own boards about a future, near future, collaboration between MI and SI.

They met up several times in the course of the six months before they wanted to present their findings and plans. Which lead to Tony introducing his business partner, who had been his father business partner as well, Obadiah Stane.

Which didn't go so well, Harry could see the way the older man looked at the both of them, but also the way he looked at Tony when the genius wasn't watching, which concerned him greatly.

After Stane had left, and Harry mentioned this to Tony, the other man had waved it off, telling him that Obie was just a shark who wanted the best for the company, as well as for him, as his godson.

This had Harry wincing even more, as Teddy's godfather, he knew that if he ever looked at Teddy like that, he wouldn't be allowed to see the little kid again. It really worried him, and made him push through, which in turn made Tony angry at him.

He backed off then but did warn Pepper about what he had seen and what he thought might be going on, even if he hoped to all primordial beings that this wasn't the case.

With both of them taking space from one another and concentrating on their own project that needed to be launched, it took some time before they saw each other again. As a matter of fact, Tony delayed his own flight to Afghanistan, to be able to talk to Harry before he left.

They talked it over, and Tony promised to be careful, now and in the future, even if he didn't think that Obie would ever try and harm him.

Harry would stay in the workplace for the entire night, talking things over, but also sharing what had happened in both their lives, while the other didn't appear in it.

Harry very enthusiastically told Tony of how well Teddy's first week as Xavier's institute had went, and how happy he was that he didn't need to hide that part of himself anymore. He had told them all about his teachers and the other students, and how odd a lot of students found it that he just went home again at the end of the day. Until they found out both his parents also had a 'mutation'.

However, Dora and Remus had found out that working with a 3 hour difference still brought trouble for them. So, they had written Andromeda, Dora's mother, and asked her if she wanted to move in with them.

The older woman had been alone since the passing of her husband in the war but hadn't wanted to leave initially. But now, with all of her close family in the States, she had been all for it, especially since she would be the one picking up Teddy at his school and spending some time with all of them at the house in New York.

Harry tried to come over as much as possible, but he still held the house in LA, and with MI's headquarters also there, he didn't want to move everything to New York, at least not yet.

 

Tony on his part had told Harry about the new weapons the board was pushing for, which he was delaying, as to make sure that he wouldn't need to make them, as they were planning on announcing their collab soon enough.

The military had similarly approached him an effort to renew the contract they had running. Even sending his best friend Rhodey to try and talk him into signing early, which didn't help, seeing as he had told Rhodey everything about what he had been doing, and the airman had agreed that waiting for a bit was the best option.

He also shared that he had told Rhodey about him, Harry, and his oldest friend had expressed a desire to meet the man who had become so close to Tony in such a short time, without any negative intentions.

Harry proposed they all come over to his house and he'd cook if Tony would like. Tony having tasted Harry's cooking, didn't see anything wrong with that and agreed, after sending a text to Rhodey to ask if the man could get some days off as soon as they returned from Afghanistan.

Plans were made, and their talks were only disturbed quite a few hours later when Pepper entered the room and chastised Tony for not already being on a plane halfway around the world. The Stark just waved it off, saying it was his plane, so they'd wait for him to get there before taking off.

This in turn made Pepper sigh and turn to Harry, chastising him for keeping Tony talking so long, so they were behind on schedule.

The Brit had just shrugged, before also inviting Pepper and Happy, who finally confessed to Tony that they were dating. To the surprise of no one, even Tony had admitted to already knowing, but wanting to let them come to him with that news.

Pepper agreed, before chasing Tony out of the workshop and into the shower, stating that Happy was ready to leave at any moment, but Tony smelled so he had to take a shower first.

 

Which brought us to roughly a week later, where Harry was putting the finishing touched to the meal, he was preparing for his guests later that evening. He hadn't gotten a text yet, but Tony had said he'd be home and in La in time for dinner.

So, when his phone did go off, he picked up without checking who it was, and instantly regretted it. Pepper was on the other end, her voice filled with emotions and tears, telling him there had been a situation in Afghanistan.

Harry turned down the fire and slowly sat down, listening as Pepper told him what Rhodey told her; that they had been in separate vehicles. That Tony's had been attacked and the people he had rode with killed, their bodies accounted for.

Only Tony had been nowhere around, no body to be found, and no live Tony Start running towards then either. Best case scenario he turned up soon, but worst case terrorists had gotten to them and had kidnapped him.

With no lead, and no extra support, Rhodey was coming back to American soil, to arrange extra forces and ask for permission to go and look for Tony Stark in the Afghan dessert, knowing that the ending might not be pretty.

The other side of the line became silent, before Pepper talked again, "Harry, I know you don't like using that part of your powers, but... can you check, if he's at least alive?"

Harry hummed, he knew Tony was still alive, because his status as Merchant of Dead he could only die when Lady Death herself reaped him, which she already said she wouldn't do. But he couldn't tell Pepper that, Tony should be the one to tell her that.

Sighing, he answered, "I will, look that is, and keep you posted if I find anything or hear anything through... other channels than the one you and Rhodes are using."

He could hear the smile in Pepper's voice as she thanked him, making him run a hand through his hair and place a statis charm over the food he had prepared. He wasn't hungry anymore, but maybe someone else could benefit from it.

The first few days after he had heard about Tony getting kidnapped in Afghanistan left him feeling slightly empty, one of his best friends here in America, as well as someone he had a crush on, had been taken while protected by the US Armed troops, by a group of terrorists no one know the hiding place of.

To make matters worse, Lady Death hadn't been able to answer his call, too busy with the destruction of a planet on the other side of the universe. His heart, and the bond they shared with her let him know Tony was still alive, but he couldn't feel that out on his own and needed Lady Death to confirm this for him.

It was roughly a week after the first news, that Lady Death did appear next to him, a grim look on her face.

"He is alive."

Harry looked at her, "that doesn't sound very reassuring."

Lady Death looked down, "he will be forever changed by what he experienced and will experience there in those caves. It will help to have a support system ready for when he gets back."

Harry lifted an eyebrow, "so he will come back?"

Lady Death nodded, "Tony Stark always made his own way from where the kidnappers held him, this time will be no different."

Harry nodded, before calling up Pepper and letting her know they should be looking at caves, but that Tony most likely will make his way out of them.

A month passed with him checking in on Tony, through Lady Death, without any more promising news. Keeping Pepper up to date, while the redhead did the same for him.

She also kept him up to date whit whatever Rhodey found, as they still hadn't met, but wanted to keep the other posted as well, as they were looking for their friend.

About two months after Tony's kidnapping, Harry did notice something strange in the numbers of SI, he had taken to looking at them from time to time, after Tony had shown him how to get to them, and they didn't deem to be adding up.

Frowning he called Pepper again.

"Pep, not Tony related, but have you ever run the numbers of SI again, after you became Tony's assistant?"

The redhead stayed silent on the other end of the phone call, before replying negative, "no, I didn't. Why?"

So, Harry told her what he was seeing, and how the numbers didn't add up with what was sold, as a matter of fact, for that much money to be coming on, some of SI's supposed scrapped stock would have to be sold?

"And another thing, why don't we hear from Stane? I mean, he is Tony's godfather isn't he, shouldn't he be a little more invested in his godson's life?"

Pepper didn't say anything for a while again, "I don't know... you do make a point, but with Tony missing, he took over as CEO again, and he seemed all too happy to be doing so."

Harry hummed, "I just find it odd that not a week after Tony told Stane what the future plans are, he goes missing, and the other man takes the CEO spot again, just in time to agree on a continuation of the weapons deal with the military, that Tony wanted to stop now that it ends in 2 months' time."

Pepper clicked her tongue, "you have a point there."

Harry shrugged, "I don't want to point anything at mister Stane, but this all seemed a little bit to planned out for it to be coincidence."

He could hear Pepper biting her lip, "I can go and snoop around a bit, see if I can find anything that suggests Stane had a hand in all this. But I wouldn't know what to do with it after, it's not like we can just hand it over to the police, he would pay them off."

Harry hummed, "true. Let me ask Professor Xavier if he might know something of government agencies that he knows might be able to deal with this."

"Alright, keep me posted, Harry."

Harry confirmed, before saying his goodbyes. Clicking on the number for Professor Xavier, he called and posed him the question. To which the man gave him the number of a certain Phill Coulson of the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement Logistics Division, who might be able to help him or point him to someone who could.

Keeping that in mind, Harry got swept up with things at MI, with the launch of their magic proof phones, they had a lot on their hands. It just so happened to be now, that they had planned the launch and he knew Tony wouldn't want him to postpone it. Not when it wasn't needed, he could look for the other CEO on his free time.

Multiple people still came and asked him if he had heard from the Stark, or the effort in finding him, knowing he was close to both the billionaire, as well as Ms. Potts.

He smiled at those people who came up to him and asked, telling them he didn't know any more than they did.

Remus, Dora, and even Andromeda, asked him in the privacy of his own home, and he told them he knew the other man was still alive, even if he didn't know any more, and that Lady Death had told him he would come back a changed man. Something which scared him if the change was too much for the man to handle.

They might be chosen by a primordial being, that didn't take away that things they experience could still ruin them. Harry knew all too well that he had PTSD from the war and expected Tony to have the same after everything that would be happening in Afghanistan.

Another month passed, making it 3 months since Tony had been kidnapped, and the more they waited, the more they noticed the way Stane was handling things.

The older man was sucking up to several higher up at the Armed Forces, assuring them he would keep supplying weapons to them, even if neither Pepper nor Harry believed that this was the only reason.

They had seen the bank statements, and Pepper had gone snooping around, finding statements of deals with undesirables, or even known terrorist groups. Meaning they at least had enough evidence to put Stane on trial for selling to the highest builder, and to buyers outside of the contract SI had with the Army.

Now all they needed was for Tony to turn up again, and to take his place as CEO once more. They could brief him as soon as he was back on American soil, about what they had found and have the man look for himself to see if he could unearth anymore shady schemes.

Luck was on their side however, when Rhodey called to say he had been in Afghanistan, and had found Tony, wandering through the desert.

Both Harry and Pepper held their hearts, glad to know their friend was alright and would be coming back home as soon as doctor checked him out at the army base they were relocated too, before they got flown back home.

Meeting Tony on the army airstrip had been a whole affair, Harry had been invited by Pepper, and despite them trying to keep it under wraps, the press was there to look out for the wounded genius.

Pepper pursed her lips as they arrived at the airstrip, the multiply journalists standing there, hoping to get a shot at seeing Tony Stark all beat up had her angry, and feeling like someone must have told them where he would get off.

Sighing, she got out of the car and approached the airplane that just had landed, relieved to see Tony get out of it, on his own two feet. He looked at her and made a joke about the tears in her eyes.

As soon as they were in the car, Tony let go of the bravery he held on to, laying his head on the shoulder closest to him, which was Harry's.

Harry's eyes were drawn to the light seeming to come from Tony's chest, before the words Lady Death had said came to mind, "He'll come back a changed man."

Sighing, Harry didn't want to start this conversation now, they would have time for that. He wanted to be here for Tony right now. Happy drove them to the Malibu mansion where they all gathered in the living room, letting Tony lead the conversation as well as tell what he wanted to say.

"I saw a lot of SI weapons standing there, in the terrorist strong hold I was kept in."

Pepper and Harry looked at each other, before sighing, "we figured."

Tony concentrated on him, "you know something, more than just this."

Both of them nodded, Rhodey who had come inside from the kitchen and Happy shuffled closer.

Pepper started telling what they had found, and who seemed to be at the helm of those practices.

Tony sighed, rubbed his eyes with the palms of his hands, "I guessed something like that, even if I didn't want to believe it."

Telling them of that one time he had been dragged in front of a camera, he had recognized his own name, as well as Obie's name. He had remembered as much as he could, which was a lot, to ask his fellow prisoner to translate.

Tony sighed, "it seemed that Obie paid them to kill me, so he could take over SI again and continue his back deals. I... I should have listened to you, Harry."

The brit shook his head, "this was not something I wanted to be right about, Tony, not when this is your godfather."

Tony sighed again, "do we have proof?"

Pepper and Harry nodded, "and we already contacted a government agency who deal with this, they will go and puzzle everything together, before arresting Stane on account of treason."

Pepper added, "the only thing I hate to be asking of you after all this, is that you need to go to the office as soon as possible. Stane has been whispering the right ears that he'll keep up the weapons contract, even if you told him you wanted to stop doing that."

Tony grimaced, "I guess that's a sacrifice I have to make, but as soon as that's done, I'm taking a weeklong break."

Pepper nodded, "of course, mister Stark."

Tony grinned, "than we should start planning, because I believe a lot has happens since I got kidnapped."

All of them nodded, and started planning on what they could do, after all the kidnapping of a CEO did have an impact on the stocks SI had. Harry followed their rate and was glad to know they started climbing the moment people knew Tony was back on American soil.

"I think the most important things are to stop the contracts you don't want to have anymore, but maybe you can still keep the army as your allies with providing protective gear?"

Rhodey hummed at that but nodded at the idea. He and Harry had finally met at the airport, with Tony introducing them to each other, the moment they entered the Malibu mansion. Both had noticed why Tony liked the other man, friends were hard to come by for the genius.

After their planning, Tony stayed quiet for a long while, before confessing to how he had gotten out of that cage, and how he wanted to keep doing that - not getting kidnapped, but experimenting with the armour, and going after groups that had his weapons, destroying them so they wouldn't be used to harm US troops.

Rhodey was the only one opposed, mostly because of army protocols, but he agreed that the bureaucracy of getting permission to destroy those weapons would take too long.

Pepper and Harry just agreed that if this is what he wanted to do, he should do so, they will help, Harry especially with Magic proof technology. Seeing as they had a very wild sort of internal magic in the Middle East.

With those plans laid out, they relaxed the rest of the day. There would be changes and soon, starting with the rejection of the next weapon's contract with the military.

They had gotten word from Agent Colson that they had everything they needed to arrest Stane the following day, seeing as tonight was a gala for the Maria Stark Foundation, where oddly Tony hadn't gotten an invite for.

Calling Pepper, the redhead let him know he most certainly had an invite, but that someone must have made sure he didn't get it, further fanning the rumours that he was being put on probation as CEO after the board had voted and given him 'leave'.

Scowling for a moment, before fishing his phone out of his pocket to dial one of his best friends, who picked up after the second ring.

"Yeah, Tony?"

Tony grinned, "how would you feel to crash a party?"

Harry hummed on the other side of the phone, "what kind of party?"

"There is a Maria Stark Foundation Gala starting in 30 minutes for which I didn't get an invite, kind of odd, seeing as I am the founder. But that aside, Pepper should be there, and I would love to look O -Stane in the eye, only to see him get arrested tomorrow."

Harry hummed again, "sure, but you're picking me up."

Tony laughed, "it would be my pleasure, I'll be there in 20 minutes."

As Harry put the phone down, he could only smile, happy that Tony had called him for this. He was starting to get attached to the man, even more attracted as the days went by, and he always had fun when the two of them were together.

Remus, who was sitting next to him, had to hide a grin, "well, cub, you certainly have a crush."

Hushing his godfather, Harry got up and ran to his bedroom to change. Dora, Teddy, Andy, and Remus had come over as it was a Sunday, to spend some time together over the weekend. But none of them minded, well Teddy did a little bit, that he ditched them for a fun evening with friends.

After all, Harry had never had the opportunity to be a teenager before, so for him to try and catch up now, made them all so happy for him. Coming to America had been good for them, but also for Harry, especially for Harry.

So, seeing him happy and finally putting his own happiness at the forefront only made them like Tony Stark more, the man had after all been a friend to their godson/cousin, and had helped him adapt both to living in America, but also to being CEO of a major company.

When Harry came out of his bedroom, he was dressed up to the nines in a dark green suit, white shirt, and an emerald green tie. His hair had been brushed back from his forehead and gathered at the nape of his neck with some gel (or a spell).

Looking up, he saw his family looking at him, making him look a bit self-conscious.

"What, wrong choice in clothing?"

Andy shook her head, "just right, it brings us joy to see you so happy, Harry, and invested in fun times with your friends. Have a great evening!"

Nodding, Harry made his way out the door, as Tony had texted him, he'd arrived. Rolling his eyes at the bright silver Audi the man was driving, with of course the custom licence plate shouting out it was Tony stark driving.

Opening the door, he got a seat and was met with Tony also all suited up.

"You ready?"

Laughing, but nodding, Harry fastened his seatbelt as Tony took of towards the Gala, hoping to wow people attending with Tony arriving, with another CEO as his 'date'. Not that it was an actual date, but still, it helped to shock the media now and again. Especially after most got scared for publishing anything about the CEO of MI, with the lawsuits his legal team had laid at the gossip rags for slander.

Laughing as the valet took the car to be parked, Harry and Tony walked up the stairs to where the gala would be taken place, more than one reporter taking pictured of them as they walked past, more than likely already contemplating what this meant, for them to arrive together.

Seeing Stane up ahead, Harry made sure to steer Tony clear of the man, they could go out and have some fun, before the man ruined it for them.

Entering the ballroom, all eyes were directed to them, Tony directing to where Pepper was smiling and waiting for them.

"I see you both made it."

Tony grinned, "of course we did. That is one stunning dress."

Pepper laughed, "I'm glad you like it, you picked it out for my birthday."

Harry had to laugh, Tony was notorious to forget birthdays, so he had just told Pepper, Rhodey and Happy to bile his credit card when this happened, so they got themselves a present on his dime. It might not be all that normal, but it worked for them.

He hadn't offered it to Harry, but this was just because the younger man hadn't had his birthday yet.

Harry just gave Pepper a kiss on her cheek, before telling her, "I am so glad I convinced you to take that dress when we went shopping, you look stunning."

Tony looked between the two of them, "do you go shopping often?"

Pepper giggled, "quite a lot, yes, after all we do have 5 years to make up for. And it helps that he is just as rich as you, and just as generous to his friends."

Tony fake gasped, and pressed a hand to his chest, "Ms. Potts, are you telling me you're only friends with rich CEO's for the money benefits?"

As soon as he spoke, all three started laughing, knowing of course Pepper didn't work like that, not to forget she made more than enough to spoil herself now and again. But then again, the press had fished after such a reason being the reason for her becoming PA so soon after being hired by SI. All of their favourite past time was setting the press on the wrong path.

They had been having fun for about an hour, when Stane noticed Tony had shown up and came to talk to him. All three of them made sure to keep it at small talk, fake smiles and giving the impression they had no idea that Stane was the person who had Tony kidnapped, almost killed, and who wanted to keep SI for himself. Not to forget backdoor deals, shady business, and ties to organisations like Hydra.

When the man finally left, they were approached by a blond woman, who Pepper introduced as Christine Everheart, a journalist who did more serious articles, and their go to journalist for any information they wanted released, or if they had a story they wanted to publish.

Pepper had told them she had invited Christine as her extra, so she had an in for this gala, and for a way for them to be able to talk about what was going to happen tomorrow without Stane overhearing, or for them to be seen in a normal situation and not bring attention to what they were talking about.

Pepper had already told her to be at Stark Industries tomorrow, as she'd get quite the story out of it then. They all knew they shouldn't give information to the press when an investigation was still ongoing, but with this, they just couldn't let it be swept under the rug. And they knew the American people would feel the same way about it - so even if some corrupt judge would release Stane, the people would know, as would the board, making SI, and Tony, just that bit safer.

After enjoying themselves at the Gala a little but more, everyone of them went home, looking forward to tomorrow.

That morning started as any other, Pepper came in to get Tony, and make sure he was ready, for a day at the office. Both of them were dressed to the nines.

Arriving at SI, driven there by Happy, both of them entered and made their way to the board room, entering it without a care in the world. Even if Stane was giving a presentation on the new weapons deal he planned to accept for the American forces.

With a forced smile on his face he welcomes both of them into the room, not even suggesting they leave, or asking what they were doing there. He might have been able to get Tony a vote of no confidence from the board, setting him on hold as CEO. But Howard Stark had always held a 52% share in the stocks of SI, which were inherited by Tony, when Howard came to die.

So, even if Tony wasn't CEO anymore, he still was the owner, and major shareholder of SI, no matter what had been done to his position as CEO, only his death could prevent him from going anywhere in SI, as well as sitting in on every meeting held.

And Stane knew this, kept looking at Tony and Pepper, and grinding his teeth, knowing there was nothing he could say at this moment to make them leave. No one, especially him, could do anything to stop both of them from sitting there and listening to plans that would land in the garbage as soon as the day was over.

Tony, and Pepper, made sure to keep an extra eye on the board, to see who of them were so far into Stane's pocket, they most likely also profited from his back door deals, and whose names they should give to Agent Coulson after he came to arrest Stane.

They didn't have to wait long now, both of them got a text from Happy, telling them Christine and Agent Coulson had arrived, the later with a platoon of backup.

Texting their confirmation back, they just sat back and waited, trusting Happy to lead the correct people, to the correct places.

Before the meeting could end, a knock sounded on the door, it opened to let Happy in, a tight smile on his face as he looked at Stane.

"Mr. Stane, these people here are looking for you."

Coulson took a step forward, standing next to Happy, a cold look on the man's face, quite odd, seeing as sounded friendly and open that one time Pepper spoke to him on the phone.

"Mr. Stane, you are under arrest. You have the right to remain silent, anything you say can, and will, be used against you in the court of law."

With that he mentioned some of his men forward, two who went and retrained the former CEO, before taking him away before he could react. Turning to Tony and Pepper, both of them pointed out the others they thought could be in on the deals, all of which were also taken in for questioning.

Stane was already proven guilty by the evidence they had, but as the law dictated, he would get a chance to defend himself. Even if all of them knew it wouldn't matter much, the army, the president, and most likely the press had already been informed and would release statements which would kill Stane's career worldwide.

As soon as Coulson and his men left, the Agent nodding to Happy, Tony and Pepper, the latter two took to the front of the meeting room.

"This is your one and only chance to confess if you had any knowledge of this. If you had I will try and arrange a deal for you, have you not come clean and will evidence pointing your direction, I will destroy you."

After he said this, Tony took a seat, not having to wait long, before all 4 remaining board members confessed to having known. Coulson who was waiting at the door opened it again and took those four with him as well.

Running a hand through his hair, Tony groaned, "now I can't take a weeklong holiday, as I need people for my board of directors."

Pepper just giggled, "I already called around, Remus, Charles, Reed, Stephen and I are happy to step in until replacements can be found. None of us will go along with whatever you are saying just because it is you saying it. And we'll know for sure we'll have a team that is competent, willing, and whom we both trust."

Tony heaved a sigh of relief.

"What every would I do without you, Ms. Potts."

Pepper giggled again, "the same thing Harry would do, be miserable and not know what to do with yourselves."

Tony grinned, before he nodded, "sounds about right."

With Stane arrested, and the press going crazy over the story how this all could have happened while they were the biggest contractor with the military. As well as this being the reason so many men and women lost their lives while overseas.

Some other reporters or even bloggers, started digging, and with a little help from Tony and Pepper letting the right people know what it was that they had found it, the whole world knew what Stane had done, who he had dealt with and how he had put a hit out on his own godson.

So matter what he tried to say in court, Tony and Pepper knew that he would still get his just deserves, exactly their intention, they wanted to be able Stane was put out of play, between names and dealings of his customers being found online, as well as the army and the US government who wanted to have him incarnated for treason.

In the end the whole Stane thing was world news on day, and almost forgotten the next day, when word got out that he had been murdered in his cell before the trial could take place. The things they found on the scene pointing in the direction of a terrorist organisation being able to get in and be able to take him out before he could give up names of other people who dealt under the table.

While it stung that Stane would never get tried for the things he had done, Tony had it difficult the most, that this was how his godfather had to end. Having gone against anything and everything SI once stood for. To protect their American forces, to know that the head of such a large company had been dealing with their enemies stung with more people.

The same generals who had been nodding to Stane's ideas not 2 weeks back, had already approached SI with their doubts about continuing their contracts with SI, even if they delivered the best weapons on the market.

Tony had nodded, and told them he understood, that he didn't want to be making weapons anymore after what he had seen in Afghanistan. Leading to them parting on still friendly terms, and with a contract with SI for protective gear, and for their wounded soldiers to be able to get a prosthetic fitted by SI, once they ironed the kinks out of the design they had on the table right now.

Veterans who were willing could even apply as testing subjects to make the process run smoother.

With all that over, Tony could enjoy the last few days of his week long vacation, he started it the moment they were sure no one would forget what Stane had done, and whom was lost because of what he had wanted to do.

He planned on getting back after that, and slowly transitioning the company from largely weapons to a more technical aligned company, concentration of new phones, computers, tablets, and Bluetooth appliance. Together with more medical material, together with MI, he knew SI would survive this and he would become even greater than his father thought it would be.

Without the contracts for supplying weapons to the American government, he was free to expand worldwide, and make SI grow even more than he already had done.

With Pepper on one side, and Harry, with MI on the other, they could accomplish amazing feats and start preparing for a united Earth, on one part, and for the inevitable invasion that would come sometime in the future.

With Stane taken care of, Tony could also concentrate on his own little project, he had told Pepper, Happy, Harry and Rhodey about the armour he wanted to create and use, in first instance, to track down the organisations Stane had sold too, as well as make sure they got destroyed and couldn't be used on innocent civilians, or other military troops.

The making of the suit went easily, with the blue prints still in his head from his time in the cave, only this time he had JARVIS, much more sophisticated materials and tools, and no pressure in fear of getting killed by the people standing outside the door.

With the first one finished, he made sure to start easy, he knew in another situation, he would run before he could walk and try to fly the suit the moment it came out of production. But for some reason, he didn't, not this time.

He took his time and made sure to be able to keep up with all the problems that showed themselves, starting with stabilizing himself, and ending with the icing he got as he made too much altitude.

In the end, it took him a week, to finish the design, and to paint it in red and gold colours, after all subtility was never his style. They might keep it under wraps now, but the pilot of the suit would need to be made public at one point.

His first self-appointed mission was to Gulmira, as a way to liberate the hometown of the doctor who had saved his life in that cave. Whose sacrifice gave him time to escape, and to pick up his life again - cutting out the snake in the grass of SI, who made it possible for this terrorist to be such a terror to these villagers.

While he was flying halfway around the world, Harry, Happy and Pepper were in the mansion, following through the feed of what Tony was seeing, as well as commentary from both Tony and JARVIS.

On the way back to Malibu, Pepper made sure to text Rhodey to let him know that the radar might be able to pick up Tony when he flew over, to make sure no one started firing, or the army base thought a missile was on its way. As usual, the excuse of a training exercise was used, for new not to be confirmed weaponry.

With that out of its way, all of them were happy Tony made it back home without any trouble.

The days, weeks and months after, Tony kept on doing missions to destroy the SI weapons in the hands of anyone who had gotten them through Stane, with the news coming to light that someone, or something was destroying these weapons, the opinion were divided.

Some people believed this person, or this 'Iron Man' was doing the right thing and making sure these weapons wouldn't be in the hands of groups that would misuse them.

While others believe that it might be extra-terrestrial wanting to strike on every weapon wielding group, or organisation. Which of course send the conspiracy theorists in a frenzy in an effort to prove this was either an alien, or a person hired by the government to clean up their messes.

A whole different group of people, mostly enhanced, had the idea that Stark himself was behind it, having hired someone to clean up the mess Stane had made. But none of them were of the opinion the pilot of the suit was the billionaire himself.

Pepper, Rhodey and Harry made sure to keep an ear on the ground to make sure not too out there rumours were being told. No one suspected Tony to pilot the suit, even if some people were close in believing this was SI cleaning up messes.

While this was going on, Tony and Pepper were also rebuilding SI from the ground up, in a manner of speaking. With the weapons department closed, they made sure to relocate all those employees, so none had to be let go.

Presenting their future project in select groups, and asking team leaders or managers to keep everyone up to date, and to press upon everyone that there would be no people fired, they had a solid plan to work off and explant already existing departments.

This was a huge relief for some of the people working in those departments, as it meant more funding, more projects, and hopefully with time, the possibility to work on their own project with support from SI, or from MI, it had become an open secret on the floor of SI that the two companies would have a semi-merger, to give MI some more name in the circles it lacked that in.

And for SI to get a boost in developing their new departments, as well as some help in their future projects. They planned on setting or re-entering the business world with a whole new way of working, largely based on the cooperation between the two companies.

Both Tony and Harry looked forward to working together like this, after meeting and getting to be friends, and getting along amazingly well. As well as the unresolved sexual tension neither of them wanted to acknowledge just yet, they knew this would turn into something magnificent, and something that would help the world in more than one way.

Add to that, that both companies had a great image with enhanced communities, it only helped them to prepare for what Lady Death had told them, as vague as she was, it never hurt to be aware of the communities they had on their side and who they could call upon, if the time should come.

About 3 months after Tony had returned from captivity, and 3 months after the normal launch of their merged project, Tony and Harry had a combined press conference where they would let the world know what they were planning, and what the future for SI would look like.

This started with introducing the 'new' companies as they were, before switching to let their audience know what they hoped to accompany together.

Tony grinned as he explained, "my captivity gave me the insight that I needed, but already had on my mind for some time. That I didn't want to make my legacy with weapons alone, not after the war and terror that already haunt the world.

Harry and I got talking after we got introduced by Pepper Potts, my secretary, and Harry's best friend, about where we wanted to take out companies, and found out goals to align. We want to help the enhanced community, as a minority, to find employment more easily. This because we both have people; we are close to that fall into that category.

Next, we want to leave a legacy that people will look back to, in let's say a couple hundredth years, and remember the things we did for the world and its inhabitants as a whole, medical, social, and financial.

So, without further a due, we are proud to announce, a partial merger between SI and MI, which will mostly go about electronics, as well as a line of prosthetics and other tools to help those with a disability. More project will be soon to follow, but these are the ones we are starting with.

Thank you for your attention, we will now be taking questions."

Taking a seat next to Harry, with Remus on the other side of Harry, and a newly instated Pepper as CFO on the other side, they answered the questions asked to them by their audience of reporters.

Most of the questions, luckily, stayed on the matter of the merging, and future projects. Some were more personal, but left unanswered, as they tried to find out who the enhanced were in their bubble. One reporter made it look like Tony was leading Harry by his nose into a failed merger, but he was soon disproven by Harry and Remus, and wisely shut up.

Christine was the only one who got a non-merger question asked, if only because they had asked her to ask, as the press conference came to an end, Christine stood to ask her question, a grin on her face, as she gave a nice introduction to her question before turning to Tony, and asking; "So, Mister Stark any comments on the matter of the 'Iron man'?"

Tony looked at her, before glancing at Harry and Pepper, and smirking, "the truth is, I am Iron Man."

I wanted to wish everyone a very Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays to those of you who don't celebrate!Have this little gift from me, an extra chapter outside the usual posting days!

After that press conference, and the reaction this caused, he could say he didn't mind having an evening where they went out to eat, just him, Pepper, Happy and Harry. After all, they had managed to clean up after Stane, most of his dealings had been destroyed, and the safety of people in those areas once again free, instead of living in fear about the terrorist on their doorstep.

He had never forgotten what the apparent leader of the Ten Rings had told him, that the person holding Stark Weapons was the biggest player on the field.

He wanted to take that advantage from people who hadn't used his weapons fer the betterment of people, or a country. Most of the shipments he had found, or even intercepted, had been on route to known terrorist groups, who wouldn't be doing this to help their people.

He shook his head and enjoyed the evening out with his friends. Looking at the other dark haired man seated next to him, he was happy to have found this man, even without the bound they had with Lady Death.

Ever since he had met the other men, he had felt lighter, that he mattered, that there were people who wouldn't be fooled by the things they had heard from the media, who gave the benefit of the doubt. Even without knowing that he was a favoured of a primordial being, it helped him keep perspective.

Even now, he knew he needed to start doing something to exchange the palladium core in his arc reactor, and before he might just try to do this on his own. But right now, he knew he needed help, with Harry being the person he trusted to help with this.

As they got out of the restaurant, he asked the Brit if he could come to his place for a bit, that he needed help with something.

Harry looked at him a little funny, which made him smile, Tony Stark was indeed not the person without a plan, or who needed a lot of help. But he nodded, saying their goodbyes to Pepper and Happy, who took the company car to Pepper's apartment.

Harry, meanwhile, led Tony to his car and drove towards the Black mansion, to talk over what he needed help with.

--

Once inside the mansion, Tony looked up to his phone, getting a notification that JARVIS was shut off from his own house. Frowning, he had half a mind to just up and check it out. But Harry made him wait, after all, this person most likely wanted a direct shot at Tony, but he was at the Black mansion, and as such safe at this moment.

Tony sighed, but nodded, Harry had a point, after all JARVIS had his server in SI's mainframe that existed, he would be fine even if he were shut down for a moment. He was safe at his friend's house, where no one could just enter because of the wards.

Harry tilted his head at him, "what is it you need help with?"

Tony buttoned down the shirt he was wearing, showing Harry his chest, which had dark lines showing coming from the arc reactor.

"It's poisoning you."

Tony nodded, "I know this is different for us, but I still want to find a solution for this. So, do you think you can help me?"

Before Harry could answer, a cold swept through the room, making them both look up at the figure now standing behind them.

"Lady Death."

"My Merchant, My Master. This I can help with."

Both of them hummed and looked at her.

"My Merchant, your father figured out a new element to use in the arc reactor. You would need his model of the Stark Expo from 1974, he hid in there for you to find later."

Tony blinked a few times, "in the Stark expo model?"

Lady Death nodded, "at the time he discovered it, there were no methods to make it, or to synthesise it. You can, and you should, as soon as possible."

Harry narrowed his eyes at Lady Death, "something is coming?"

Lady Death nodded, "it is nothing you cannot handle, but it would be better if My Merchant is not suffering from heavy metal poisoning. Also, the person in your home, My Merchant, does not mean any harm."

Harry and Tony looked at each other, nodding, before taking the car to Tony's home. Once inside, they did find JARVIS on non-active. They rebooted him first, before making their way to the living room, where a person was waiting for them.

"That is quite the announcement, Mr. Stark."

Tony narrowed his eyes at the man, while Harry had recognized him as someone Kingsley had told him about. While Tony was still processing, Harry spoke.

"Nick Fury, or is it still Nickolas Shackbolt?"

The man looked at Harry, shocked, "so, Kinglsey wasn't lying when he said you had moved to the America."

Harry scoffed, "as if you didn't know. I know you're the director of SHIELD, and what spy organisation doesn't know every person that comes in and out of the country. Especially one such as me."

Nick grimaced, "that was flawed on my part."

Tony answered, "just a bit. Why are you here."

To both their astonishment, he pitched his superhero team to them, where he wanted Earth to have an extra defence force for when they were invaded again. Tony and Harry looked at each other, before looking at Fury.

"Send us both the details, and we'll consider it. Can't promise a full-time time commitment, though, as we both have our companies to consider."

Fury nodded, "that's all I ask. Even as consultant both of you could help us more than of the others."

Tony tilted his eyebrow, "the others?"

Fury nodded, "I'll send you a list of people being considered to be on the Avenger initiative."

Tony frowned, but nodded as Fury walked past him.

"One last thing, next time just come through the front door, and stay away from my AI."

Fury nodded, giving a salute before leaving.

After Fury had left, Harry filled in Tony on what he knew on the one-eyed spy. He was the head of the organisation called SHIELD, which was the same organisation Coulson was part of, they dealt with threats on a global scale, or extra-terrestrial ones. They had been founded by Howard Stark and Margaret Carter, after Word War II, back then to deal with the threat that had been a left over of Hydra. As well as to look for Captain America.

Harry shrugged as he said, "Kingsley said he had family in the organisation, Nick has been in it for a long time, and probably also knew your father. But anyway, they operate in the shadows, and with us accepting to look into the Avenger Initiative, they won't send someone in to spy on you."

Tony hefted an eyebrow, "why would they spy on me?"

Harry looked at his friend, "Tony, seriously, you're a civilian who designed a suit that could act like a one man army. Of course, they'd be watching you, if only to be on scene the moment you turned to a darker path. I know you won't, but they won't. They just see a billionaire, who until a few weeks ago was known for being the best weapon maker in the world, only for you to make an armour decked out in more weapons than the standard tanks."

Tony hummed, "you have a point there."

Harry continued, "with you letting the world know you made the suit, be prepared to get asked from all sides if it's for sale."

Tone scowled, "I won't sell it, but I do plan on making one for Rhodey, and maybe Pepper, if she wants to, so I can at least placate the military."

Harry nodded, "that would be a strategic move, even if it's just Rhodey, he is an airman, which will get the army as a whole off your back. I would add in a clause that all upgrades, maintenance and other things pertaining Rhodey's suit have to go through you."

Tony grinned, "way ahead of you, sweet cheeks, I already drafted the contract and had Pepper check it, I plan on letting Rhodey read it over as soon as I get a hold of them."

Harry blushed at the name Tony gave him but found that he didn't mind. They had been growing closer over the months, even more so after the reveal from Lady Death, and Tony's return from Afghanistan. He would see where this goes, he was happy with the pace it took.

He nodded, "I just heard that Hammer got signed on as the new supplier for arms to the military, and I know you wouldn't want him to get his fingers on your stuff."

Tony pulled a face, "after everything that happened at the gala, he still got a weapon's deal with the military."

Harry nodded, "he claims to have a way to build suits like yours, just more of the drone kind, as to be able to send those to war zones, instead of people, and risking losing lives."

Ton frowned, "that sounds fishy, as far as I know I'm the only one capable of making something similar to the Iron Man armour."

Harry nodded, "I know, and I'm sure I can get a few people to look into it, I just wanted to let you know. As we both dislike Hammer, and don't want him to get away with adjusting Rhodey's armour or using your designs in this plan of him."

Tone scoffed, "that's an understatements, we both hate him after that one gala, where he implied you were a hooker. Not to mention the constant measuring thing he has going on with me."

Harry snorted, "maybe he's just feeling insecure, and wants to measure himself to the greatest on the market, not that he gets even close, but you know, he can try."

Tony grinned, "you think I'm the greatest?"

Harry nodded, suddenly shy, "I think you're amazing, and very smart and sweet, and nothing at al like the media depicts you. You can be a bit arrogant, but you deserve to be, with the things you have accomplished, and the things you want to accomplish. I... I am very happy to have met you, Tony."

Tony just grinned, wrapping his arms around the other man's waist, "so, where does this leave us?"

Harry hummed as he rested his head against Tony's, "I don't know, I like the way we're gravitating towards one another, and I like this pace we have going on. I want to keep going at that and see where we find ourselves."

Tony grinned, and tightened his arms around Harry, "does this mean I can kiss you?"

Harry smiled, "yes, it does."

They gravitated towards each other, their first meeting nothing more than just a press of their lips, but it felt like so much more. Even with such a short meeting, both of them could feel the whole sparks and fireworks routine happening.

As they parted, they looked at each other, with smiles on their lips, and stars in their eyes.

"I'm going to do that again."

As he said it, Tony pressed close again, his lips finding Harry's again, pressing against them much longer, although he kept it to that. He respected Harry's wish to take it slow. He might have had experience, but he didn't think Harry had a lot of that. And he cared to much about to Brit to even try and scare him away.

Not after he was feeling so comfortable with him, like he always had seen Edwin and Ana Jarvis be, separate persons, but also extensions of their partner. That's what he wanted, and was quite sure, he could have with Harry, so a slower pace it was.

They exchanged several kisses, before both went their own ways, Tony to tinker on some new schematics for the Iron Man Armor - and to see what he could dig up from the '74 expo. Harry to go home and sleep, he would have a busy day at the office tomorrow, with hiring new people now that MI was expanding their departments because the merger with SI was such a success.

Normally Tonks would handle the hiring process, but Teddy had gotten ill, so she was staying at home. He's told her he'd take over and do the first interviews with prospecting employees.

Tony had gotten a hold of Rhodey and asked the man to come by his house. He had something for his best friend, which would also please the Higher ups in the Military.

Intrigued, the other man had given this message to the brass and was allowed to take leave to go and visit his best friend, curious, as were his superiors, as to what the genius would give him that would also please the higher ups.

He had an idea, but quickly dismissed it, there was no way that Tony would just give him a suit.

Once at Tony's Malibu mansion, his best friend sat him down, and put a contract in front of him.

Arching one eyebrow, he looked at the genius, "What's this?"

Tony just grinned, "read it first, honeybear."

Rhodey snorted but took the contract and went through it. He could recognize Tony's way of putting things, with some alterations made no doubt by Pepper. As he got to the end of the multiple page contract, he looked his best friend in the eyes.

"Is this for real?"

Tony nodded, "I'm done with making weapons, but I also know that if I were to keep this technology for myself only, I'd have a court case within a few months - especially with his effective the suit has been proven.

I don't plan on making multiple copies, maybe one more for Pepper. But anyway, I trust you with a suit, and I know the brass trust you - so me and Harry thought it would be a great idea to give you one of your own."

Rhodey's eyebrow arched again, a grin on his face, "me and Harry?"

Tony huffed, but the smile on his face betrayed him, "yeah, me and Harry. Anyway, Harry told me that Hammer got the contract with the military, so anyway, its why I put in that only I handle maintenance, and upgrades and the like - I don't trust him and neither does Harry, I don't want his hands on my tech."

Rhodey shrugged, "I don't see anything wrong with that, I need to get permission from the brass though. Do you mind if I call them?"

Waving a hand, Rhodey called his superiors, JARVIS making sure to put the conversation on the house system, so it was on speaker, and Tony could hear everything that was said, and answer any questions directed to him.

To say that the brass was jumping in their seats, was putting it mildly, they were on cloud 9, to have a suit for their own mission, for as long Rhodey could fly it. They also agreed to all the clauses Tony put in contract and told Rhodey to sign right away.

Ending the call with his superiors, Rhodey took the contract Tony had given him and signed it, Tony taking it after that and signing too. JARVIS made sure to scan it in before Tony gave it to Rhodey for him to file at the military.

Grinning at his best friend, "want to go and choose the colours? I can get JARVIS to have this painted before you go back to base."

Like a kid in a candy store, Rhodey followed Tony down to the lab, where his suit, HIS suit, was laid out in all the parts, giving him a chance to also look it over.

Tony might be the genius between the two of them, but he had still graduated MIT with quite the grades, at a normal pace too. So, looking over this piece of technology, was great to see. While he knew why Tony didn't make weapons anymore, the fact that he wanted to owe up to those people that had been hurt, killed, or forced to flee their houses because of this weapons and wanted to clean up after himself told him a lot about his best friend.

He'd already knew Tony was not at all like the media depicted him, but the genius also had a habit of hiding who he really was, in fear of being taken advantage off - as some had done before.

But gifting his best friend a multi-million armoured suit, to placate the military, and probably to be sure he had backup he could trust, was nice anyway you looked at it.

Nodding, Rhodey looked at Tony, "this looks great Tones, Can I look at the specs too?"

Tony nodded, "choose a colour scheme first, so JARVIS can start painting."

Humming, Rhodey asked for a grey and blue colour scheme, kind of like the colours of the US military uniforms. It would also help to camouflage him, contrary to Tony's bright red and gold suit.

Nodding, they decided on the colours and let JARVIS get start painting. While the AI was doing that, Tony pulled up the specifications of Rhodey's suit on one of his hollow tables, letting the other look them over, ask questions, and have requests for the weaponry in and on the suit.

As they sat upstairs in the living room with something to drink, Rhodey turned to Tony.

"That you don't like Hammer, I understand, but what happened that Harry doesn't like the man?"

Tony grinned, before telling the other just what had happened between them at the first gala Harry had gone to. Which also explained how it was that Hammer, despite having a sizable fortune, wasn't invited to high class events anymore. After all, doing something like that to someone who outclassed you several times over, was social suicide.

Rhodey had choked at hearing that, "he said what to Harry?"

Tony nodded, "indeed, Pepper put him on his place soon after, and I was once again reminded why she is one of my best friends. Not to forget Harry, and I, we had this instant connection. I kept some distance, just wanting friends to start with. Because you know, that had been known to be a ploy to get something out of me."

Rhodey grinned, "but Harry isn't like that."

Tony shook his head, "Pepper told me his worth once, and it is almost double of mine, so I don't worry he's out for my money. And us working together, came because we both wanted more - but MI is more focused on the enhanced, while SI makes great leaps in electronics, and hopefully also in other departments with this partial merger."

Rhodey hummed, "so it was to further both SI and MI, not because he wanted to ride on your coattails."

Tony shook his head, "not at all, he takes this very serious, and puts a lot of time in his projects. He never missed a deadline, and more than not, he comes over with ideas to improve both his own products, as well as mine. I don't think he wanted to take advantage of me in any way."

Rhodey nodded, "I already knew that to be honest, Tones, the man really likes you."

Tony grinned, "yeah, I figured that out too. The feeling is mutual, by the way. We had a talk about it yesterday."

Rhodey arched an eyebrow, "really now?"

Snorting, Tony grinned, "enough fishing, Platypus, we plan on taking it slow, and let this natural attraction we have led us to wherever we go. Keeping it quiet too, for now, we did kiss a couple of times yesterday though."

Rhodey grinned, "I'm happy for you, man, you deserve this. A chance at happy, without keeping watch that the other person is trying to take advantage of that. I wish you both the best."

Beaming at his best friend, "Thanks, sugarplum."

They enjoyed their day together, with Tony helping Rhodey suit up for the first time soon after the paintjob was done. The stars in the airman's face were enough to make Tony smile.

When Rhodey had left, suit flying back to the airbase, with Tony promising to get his car back to him as soon as possible, the genius took a moment to make a mental to-do list.

He needed to get that model of the Stark expo of '74, all the other things could wait for a bit.

If what Lady Death were true, not that he doubted it, the model would hold the secret of a new element his father discovered, and which would, or could, be compatible with the arc reactor and as such solve his heavy metal poisoning problem.

Looking it us, he saw that it was in storage in SI HQ, so he could go and get it the next day, when he went in to have a meeting with Pepper, as his new CFO she was doing a terrific job, taking some things out of his hands, and helping with others, like the well-oiled machine they had been before.

He believed his father might have discovered an element before, but as he had been told, the technology to synthesise this element wouldn't be available, not even to a man like Howard Stark. Once again proving that he, Tony, had taken SI beyond what Howard had wanted, or dreamed it to be.

Even with this element, who knows what steps could be taken to use this is electronics, or in technological advancements, or maybe even medical ones.

He couldn't wait to find out, the moment he rediscovered it, and could synthesise it.

Harry on the other hand, had quite the day so far, with him stepping up to take over Dora's job, while she was at home taking care of a sick Teddy.

He had to give it to his aunt, for the way she had been able to deal with this, before. Part of the applicants didn't turn up or turned up late without any reason.

Others turned up solemnly to see him, and weren't even looking for a job, or too young to be hired, making him sigh once again. He didn't get it; he was a new player on the market - and maybe they wanted to get to know him - but some of these people were approaching stalkerish behaviour.

It took him until the afternoon to filter out all those who hadn't shown up (their resumes were kept in the event they ever applied again, as to ask about it - they didn't need someone on board who didn't show up or didn't have the human decency to let the company they were applying at that they wouldn't be coming), those only coming to this job day to catch a glimpse of him (which didn't help that today of all days was the day he'd take over from Dora), and the last remaining group: the actual candidates.

They needed several new people on board, with the was their production had grown since the announcement they would be working together with Stark Industries.

So far, he had a group of promising college students, who were looking for an internship, but with most of them being enhanced, or closely related to an enhanced, they didn't have that much luck with other companies - while he, and MI, was happy to take them on.

He had told them that and asked them to come back the following week to get a tour, and to get introduced to their supervisor with whom hours had to be arranged. They would even get paid for the internship hours, even if it were in the lower category in terms of pay.

A few promising others, where for desk jobs around the company, he needed an extra hand at the reception, and he wanted at least 2 more accountants working for him. The last job was for his personal assistant.

Four women, and three men had been chosen from the initial applicants and asked to come back for a second interview the following week, when Dora was back, and their future department heads could be present too.

One applicant however, had him sighing, one Natalie Rushman, who he asked to stay for a second interview right that moment. The smile she gave made it look like she was confident she would be getting the job of PA right this moment.

The moment his door closed, however, Harry looked at her with a smirk on his face.

"Did Fury actually think I wouldn't notice an agent trying to sneak in?"

Her face changed, a look of irritation on her face, as she regarded him, "he said I was welcome to try. I had been expecting someone else here today - not you."

Harry shrugged, "Dora would have been able to spot you too, just so you know. Kindly leave."

Nodding stiffly the woman left, prompting Harry to text Tony and Pepper to let them know that Fury, or someone else in SHIELD was trying to infiltrate. He got texts back that both of them would look into it, and a thank you for the heads up.

Tony also texted that everything had gone well with Rhodey, which made Harry happy for his partner.

Happy New Year everyone! I wish you all the best for 2021.To start off the year amazingly, have a new chapter!

As Tony got the text from Harry he had to snort, Harry would notice a spy, or a SHILD agent, a while away. Not only that, but the only ones they had met - Fury and Coulson - had left a good impression, with this Nathalia Rushman character, Fury had only put them on edge.

They had both agreed to be on stand-by should anything happen that needed enhanced individuals, as part-time forces of course. But now, with an attempt of espionage, Tony didn't really want to take chances and asked JARVIS to start looking up everything he could find pertaining to SHIELD.

Making a note to look at it tomorrow, Tony went to his bedroom, he needed sleep - as he knew, for sure, that figuring out the 'new' element, or rediscovering the element his father had, would take him some time.

Seeing as it impacted his health, however, he wanted that to be done as soon as possible. Most of his on-going project were going well, and those that needed work would be passed by him anyway, either by Pepper, JARVIS or by Harry.

For now, he needed rest, he could feel the heavy metal poisoning going on, even if the more severe effects hadn't started yet, he was glad he had other people looking out for him. If he hadn't, who knows what would have happened. He would be a lot less rational about all this, that's for sure.

Might have even promoted Pepper to CEO, thinking he'd die before the end of the year. Or he'd do something stupid like go to Monaco to drive in a F1 race, or other things like that.

Shaking his head, Tony got ready for bed. After telling the bots and JARVIS goodnight, and texting Harry, he slept, for once since his return from Afghanistan, without any nightmares.

If he had opened his eyes, he would have seen Lady Death standing over him, making sure he had a good night's sleep. After all, her Merchant needed to be in his best shape to change the course of history tomorrow. With him being healthy sooner than would have been in another universe, he also would be able to make use of the new element he synthesised.

As her Merchant slept, she disappeared and appeared in front of her Master.

Harry, having expected Lady Death, looked at her.

"You've been dropping an awful lot of hints recently, any particular reason?"

Lady Death didn't answer right away, but when she did, she said, "the events that I have warned you about, they are coming closer. I have seen other scenarios of this time play - and feel like these changes I nudge you both to will be very beneficial in the long run."

Harry blinked a few times, "I thought you couldn't influence the universes as they were?"

Lady Death nodded, "I can't, but I can give hints or clues to you, My Master, My Merchant, or My Champion - and influence it all indirectly."

Harry hummed, "so you're making use of us Mortals who have your favour to change the course of this universe."

Lady Death nodded, "if you hadn't come to America, I fear I would have enclosed my Merchant in my arms a whole lot sooner than I would have wanted."

This made Harry frown, "so there are universes that we never met."

Lady Death nodded, before adding, "there are those where there is no MI, and no wizarding world connected to this one. You must understand My Master, that for every choice ever made, another was also made in a different universe. It is the art of making all the right ones, that dictates the continuous survival of a universe within the Multiverse."

"So, you have multiple Masters, Merchants, or Champions?"

Lady Death shook her head, "I have only one of each, all of whom resident in this universe - per chance. There have been others, before you, who have joined me in the realm outside the Multiverse as my Reapers, but inside the Multiverse, only one of my connected can exist at the same time.

There have been others who might have become a connected, but they made a different choice, or the world around them was shaped differently, leading to them not making the same choice you made, because that wasn't a choice to make to them."

Harry hummed, "can I get an example of that?"

Lady Death thought about it for a moment, before nodding, "there is a universe were you never accepted the title of My Master, and where you in time Married Ginny and had 3 kids with her. In this universe, there is no Tony Stark, or SHIELD, or even enhanced, except the magical community.

In another universe, there is no Magical community, but there is a Tony Stark, who ends up marrying Pepper Potts, and having a daughter - Morgan. He also loses his life, in the battle against the Mad Titan."

This had Harry cringing, to think that some version of him married someone who looked a little too much like his mother.

Lady Death rested a hand on his shoulder, "they did have a very different life, to the one you had here, My Master, never forget that you become because of what happened to you. The same thing is happening to them - no universe within the Multiverse is the same."

Harry nodded, and banished the thoughts he had about this to a far end of his mind, he lived here now, in this universe, as the Master of Death, and with a great partner, or Boyfriend, they hadn't decided on that, who he would support in whatever happened next.

"So, in the coming months, things will happen that will kickstart our introduction to this Mad Titan?"

Lady Death nodded, "one of his brainwashed minions will arrive on Earth, to conquer it in his name. This must not happen."

Harry nodded, "alright, I think that can be prevented. What about SHIELD?"

Lady Death once again waited for a moment before she spoke, "SHIELD will meet its demise from an inside enemy, but I cannot reveal more at this moment. They are not a priority right now, My Master. What is, however, is making sure My Merchant doesn't get ill, or more ill, by the heavy meatal poisoning already going on in his body. He needs that new element."

Harry nodded, before he looked over his schedule for the coming weeks and cleared it as much as possible. He also texted Pepper and Remus to let them in on what they were doing, and if possible, to take over, for a little while so he and Tony could concentrate on this new element, and whatever came forth from that.

He got two texts back, from both the CFOs that they would do their best to delay or reschedule any meetings coming up in the next week. After all, both of them, and everyone in the companies wanted their CEOs to be al healthy as could be. Especially after everything that was boing done for them by said companies.

Meanwhile, several people of the MI IT department, were doing their best in cracking Hammer Tech's servers, to get into whatever it was the man was doing. After the public insult heh ad given their boss, none of the MI employees were that big of a fan of him.

So, when one of those had noticed the shipments coming into his company, as well as the big promises he made to government and military alike, they smelt something fishy going on, and set out to discover just what that was.

On the SI side of things, JARVAS was assisting the people from MI in discovering what Hammer was up to, as well as searching anything and everywhere for mentions off SHIELD and what it was, they were doing.

On the other side of the country, Justin Hammer couldn't contain his glee as he was contacted by several of his spies, who told him of someone else able to create an arc reactor, not unlike the one Tony Stark used to power the Iron Man suit.

If he could get his hands on that technology, and make it weaponised, the Army would love him even more than they loved Stark. Even if the man had thrown the army a bone, by giving his best friend James Rhodes a suit of his own.

But now, with his new business partner, Ivan Vanko, he would finally be able to surpass Tony Stark, and Stark Industries, and be the headline for the things he did for the US people. Right now, that title went to the coalition between SI and MI, and their amazing technological advancements.

Grinding his teeth, he never forgot how humiliated he was after meeting this supposed English Lord, he didn't seem to be much, so him working together with Stark, didn't mean anything good for either of their companies, even if he was the only one who saw it that way.

Once his newest projects were finished, and the military signed on for the suits he would deliver them, there was no reason for Stark to even exist anymore - Leaving Black and Potts to also fade into the background.

He almost rubbed his hands at the anticipation of getting the fame and glory he deserved, after he disposed of Vanko of course, he wouldn't need the other man once he got what he wanted. Stark would also have to go, if only for the grievances the arrogant bastard had caused him in the past.

Somewhere else in the facility, Vanko was making almost the same plans, in the way that he was also in this to get back at Stark for the man's father stealing the design of the arc reactor from his father.

Now, while working with this Hammer person, he would have the means, the funds, and the possibility to get revenge on the Stark legacy. Once he had done that, Hammer didn't mean anything anymore - and by the way the man made his things, once Vanko was through with him, he wouldn't even be anyone anymore.

Americans were stupid sometimes, but in this case, it only worked in his advantage, and ha would use it to get what he wanted out of it, the end of Tony Stark.

Across JARVIS' server, as well as the IT department of MI, several files appeared, which they all analyse with precision, if what they had found here was true - it would bring about quite the backlash.

JARVIS, looking over both the search into Hammer Tech, and into SHIELD, would have winced had he been human and capable of wincing. This was disturbing in the truest sense of the word. Sir would have to look through this, together with Mr. Potter, Ms. Potts, and Mr. Lupin, before any other steps could be taken. But steps needed to be taken, and fast at that.

Knowing all he could do now, was to save this information, and already filter through it once, to separate non-interesting information from the interesting parts, he did just that with both searches. SI and MI had a role to play in the future of Earth, that much he knew from the talks Mr. Potter and Sir had, they wouldn't be hindered especially not by an out-of-date terrorist organisation, or a pair of men with different issues pertaining Sir, or Howard Stark.

As all of this was happening, Lady Death looked over Earth and the little changes she had brought upon by doing what she did. Directing her gaze towards Asgard, she had to hide a wince at what she could see playing there. This would always play out the same way, Odin sadly enough not capable of taking any other decisions than he did in all the other universes in the Multiverses.

She hoped, however, that with her Merchant and her Master close by something could be done about the outcome this time around. For all those caught up in this first phase.

Surprise! Bet you weren't expecting that as I usually don't upload on weekends, and unless you read the recent reviews, or you are part of my Discord Channel, you wouldn't know I was planning to. But today is my birthday (yay, 28 as of today - the 3rd of January).Enjoy the reading and let me know what you think of it! :D

The following week, Tony made sure to get everything pertaining the 1974 Stark Expo out of storage and had to admit that watching that footage brought with it some nostalgia, almost enough to make him consider building another expo.

Shaking his head, he put it to the back of his mind, there would come a time when the expo could be revived but it would not be now. The most important part was for him to rediscover the element his father had discovered - so he could synthesise it and put it into his reactor.

Halfway through the day, JARVIS let him know that Harry was entering the building, looking up startled, he saw the Brit standing at the door of his workshop, smiling slightly as Tony looked at him.

Telling JARVIS to open the door, he made a mental note to give Harry his own entrance code, so even in the future his partner, boyfriend, soulmate - could get into the workshop on his own, this was after all something for the long run.

Accepting the kiss on his lips, he smiled as the other man sat down next to him.

"So, what are we working with?"

Tony hummed, "I got into the clips stored with the model, got all nostalgic and might revive the Stark expo at some point in the future. But for now, I have everything Lady Death hinted at I would need. I just need to crack the puzzle."

Harry nodded, looking over the model as it lay on the table, tilting his head to the side and squinting his eyes, "it looks like an atom."

Tony blinked, before going to stand next to Harry and looking at it the same way he was doing. His mouth opening in a gasp, before he pressed a kiss to Harry's lips.

"Genius! JARVIS, make me a 3D scan of the model, but lose the pathways, threes and greenery, restaurants, and food stands. Keeping only the pavilions and the centre statue."

As the AI did just that, Harry went further into the workshop to say hello to U, DUM-E and Butterfingers, leaving Tony to do what Tony did best.

"Now, use the centre piece as the nucleus and arrange the pavilions around it."

As the AI did that, Tony could only smile as he found the secret to the model, and to the arc reactor.

Harry appeared next to him in the next moment, "did you figure it out?"

Tony nodded, "thanks to you, babe, thanks for that."

Harry beamed up at him, before looking at the sphere in Tony's hands, "that's it?"

Tony nodded, "this is it, now I just need to synthesise it."

Harry grinned, "well aren't you lucky I have a miniature particle accelerator at MI that you're more than welcome to use."

"You really are the best significant other, ever."

Harry cocked an eyebrow, "I hope I am your only significant other, Tony."

The genius grinned, "of course, gorgeous, I wouldn't want anyone else, not after everything you do for me."

Harry grinned, "as long as you keep saying things like that, you won't hear any complaints from me."

Tony laughed, "good! Now, let's get to MI, so I hopefully will have enough time so that this heavy metal poisoning isn't getting any worse."

Harry nodded, leading Tony to his SUV and driving to the MI HQ, waving at people they passed. Most of the employees at MI, and SI, were used to seeing them together. Making their way to the basement, Harry opened a door at the end of the hallway.

He had been very surprised to find this had been at the basement in HQ, until he found out that this was how they added magic to some particles found in most metals. To use them in the electronics MI produced, to make them resistant to Magic in a way normal electronics weren't.

And it worked, as they introduced the magic gradually to the atoms making up certain materials, they could use those easily when making their enhanced proof technology. With the element Tony would synthesise now, who knew what they could use it for.

Pepper and Remus looked up when they received a notification of an incoming mail. JARVIS, and the MI IT team as the senders.

Both weren't together, but still looked at the mail at the same time, seeing the other had gotten the mail as well. Looking over the information they found, their eyebrows climbed upwards on their foreheads.

Both reached for their phones and called the other in a video call.

Pepper looked at her uncle figure, "we aren't telling them this, not after we cleaned house first. Not only that but Hammer and Vanko need to be caught first, I don't want either of those men close to Harry, or to Tony."

Remus nodded, making copies of everything that he had received. Putting them into secure servers they had at Mi, able to withstand even a magical attack.

"Now we just need to think about who we can trust with this information. The files on SHIELD are disturbing, so I don't know if we can trust them to handle this."

Pepper grimaced, but nodded, she had liked Coulson, but to know what SHIELD had done in the past, and who had managed to slip through the cracks, it scared her a bit. She always saw HYDRA as a mirror of Voldemort and his Death Eaters, only HYDRA wasn't shaped by the childhood they had, but their interest in the mythological, and magical, and the need to weaponize that.

If they had managed to find the magical world in the way they wanted to, after they found out about Grindelwald, the world would be in a lot of problems. The fact that aliens, enhanced and the mythical were slowly introduced into the world never would bode well for them if HYDRA managed to weaponize it.

Frowning the both of them came to an impasse with not knowing what they needed to do, in order to protect their family from both two men willing to destroy the Stark legacy, as well as a group of power hungry psychopaths who wanted to take over the world.

Back in MI, Tony and Harry were gaping at the triangle they had put the new element in, the light it gave out was more of an icy white shine, instead of the electric blue the current arc reactor gave out. Without looking around all that much, they put the new heart of the arc reactor in a protective case and drive it back to Malibu, Tony itching to make a new reactor which could house it, solving his problems with the heavy metal poisoning.

Sitting next to Tony as the genius tinkered with the new element he now had, calculating the best casing he could make for it. Several designs had appeared on paper, with some other calculations he had found around it.

At one point, Harry had taken hold of the new element, finding that the core seemed to be absorbing minimal parts of magic that every wizard excreted.

Gaping, Harry turned to Tony and told the other what he noticed, "do you know what this means?"

Tony nodded, "we now have a magic absorbing element, which can be synthesized and looks to be stronger than any other metal on earth, except maybe vibranium."

"That opens so many possibilities, for SI and MI, but also for the enhanced community."

Tony nodded, looking up from where he was putting in the data, he needed to have a laser cutter carve out the new casing for his arc reactor, he took a relieved breath.

"I am so happy that I listened to you, and to Lady Death, and didn't become a reckless suicidal wild card, who knows what would have happened then."

Harry hummed, "Lady Death parted with some interesting information the last time I saw her."

As they waited for the laser cuter to be finished, Harry told Tony what Lady Death had told him about the choices made, and the decisions that formed the other universes into the multiverse. When he finished about very different versions of themselves, Tony shuddered, "I love Pepper, but I don't think I could marry her."

Harry nodded, "same, she is like my little sister, I wonder what that version of me saw in her that he was happy with such a life."

Tony shrugged, "I guess things played out differently, and as Lady Death said, we didn't exist in each other's universes, so this bond we have here must be to someone else, in their cases Pepper and Ginny."

Harry bit his lip, but nodded, "well I for one, am happy I am here with you, in this universe. Together we can handle whatever happens."

Harry hated that he had said that, after everything that had happened when he jinxed it, this also seemed to be one of those moments.

A few days after they made the new casing for the new arc reactor, he and Tony had enjoyed some time off, when Pepper and Remus had sat the both of them down - showing them what Hammer and Vanko were trying to recreate.

They had both confessed to not wanting to bring this to their attention, until after this was cleared up. But with what JARVIS had dug up about SHIELD, or rather their shadow, they didn't trust the organisation to take care of this without using this as the perfect moment to get to arc reactor technology.

Tony frowned, but understood why Pepper, and Remus, didn't want to come to them with this.

"Call Rhodey, have him look up why Vanko Sr. was deported, and use that as a warrant to fall into Hammer industries. I don't know what they have planned, and even if it would benefit the troops, in the hand of a moron like Hammer, it will do more damage than it will do good."

Pepper nodded, before calling Rhodey and explaining the situation to him. The army man cursed on the phone, telling them he suspected something going on with Hammer, as he kept promising things that no one believed he would be able to deliver. Now he knew how the man though he would be able to do so.

Finding information on Anton Vanko was easier than he thought it was, texting Tony and Pepper after an hour that the man was deported back to Russia when they found out he was double dealing with the Russians and had made plans of selling the arc reactor technology to Russia, doing so, and making an army with it - to give the Russians an edge in the Cold War.

If the army found out Hammer was working together with a Russian spy, or the son of one, he would be dropped sooner than the moron could try to come up with excuses.

With those files, as well as the aerial pictures he got courtesy of JARVIS, Rhodey went to the higher ups, expressing his concerns in what was happening at Hammer industries. As well as the fact that a man who had already had to almost beg to get this gig, was working with a known Russian spy to even his chances with his competitor, who wasn't even that anymore with the closing of Stark weapon making, he thought it had to be because of some petty reason.

The higher ups of the bras issued a court hearing with Hammer and interrogated him about what they had found.

The man tried to place the blame on Tony, saying the man was trying to cut off his competition. Only for the bras to remind him that SI had stopped manufacturing weapons, so there was no competition on a professional level anymore. This was obviously a personal vendetta, which was not something they wanted to see in their weapons manufacturer.

Hammer was consequently sacked, which made his stocks plummet, and allowed Tony and Harry to buy Hammer industries, keeping the employees working, instead of them having to take the blame for the mistakes Justin Hammer had made.

Vanko, hearing this had raged against Hammer, the two had gotten into a fight - which had blown up part of the factory and killed both of them in the explosion. Many of the people coming over from Hammer industries had thanked Tony and/or Harry for catching them when they were falling. Already letting them know the contracts they had at their companies was leagues better then at HI, making both billionaires shake their heads at the legacy Hammer left behind with his death, al because of his vendetta against them.

Lady Death was watching over her chosen, a sigh leaving her as she saw the God of mischief breaking under the strain the Mad titan put them under. Soon, he would be free - her chosen would make sure of that.

With the new element in Tony's, the man's symptoms vanished, the newly named Starkanium cleaning out all of the damage the palladium had caused.

After that had been done, and with the death of Vanko and Hammer, that was one more worry from their list. The whole HYDRA thing was something they kept an eye out for, but with only files they found while hacking the SHIELD server, none of them saw a reason to start taking counter measures.

For now, they would just keep watching all of this, and act when they found out HYDRA planned on coming back out into the light. SHIELD did do quite a lot of good things, so to put a stop to that, wasn't something they wanted to do.

Pepper and Remus first didn't want to hear about it, wanting to project these two men who were doing such great things for the community, both the mundane, as well as the magical. With this new element too, there will be so many ways they could use it.

Pepper was already calculating the numbers, with Remus telling Dora to start recruiting.

Tony, after meeting Remus and Dora, as Harry's boyfriend this time, had told HR to work with her as well, for all the SI HR department did magnificent work, an enhanced who could change her appearance, to listen to the people coming to 'work' for SI or MI, while thy ewer either send by other companies to spy on them, or they came to see the men leading those companies.

SI's HR had found, as had a lot of other departments, that MI could keep up with them, even if SI had quite a lot more years in the industry, it was refreshing for all of them - with having another company, who worked together to better the world, instead of wanting to steal something of them.

Especially now that SI was getting a building in New York City too.

Tony had pitched the idea to Harry, Dora, and Remus. Telling them that he had grown up in the city and wanted back, but he didn't want to leave all of SI in LA alone. Harry would be taking over that part and would still be going to LA - looking over SI and MI in that state.

Tony meanwhile wanted to open a tower in NYC, where MI and SI could work from, making it easier for Dora and Remus to still do their work instead of shifting to and from LA and NYC.

It also helped that Harry would be living with Tony, the other man had offered. With the apartment in the tower below them for Andy, Dora, Remus, and Teddy - so all of them would live close by again.

Pepper would also be moving, but not to the tower, Happy still had a house in NYC, so they would be moving there, the two of them - much to the joy of their families. The Weasley boys and their partners had even made it across the pond, just to meet the man that made their little sister so very happy.

After they left, Happy had approached all of them and asked if both of them were okay with him asking Pepper to marry him.

Not that he doubted that he would get their blessing, he confessed that he was glad he got it, from all the Weasley men, as well as from Tony and Harry. He planned on asking her just after they moved to New York City, tarting a new chapter in their lives.

Harry had smiled sadly, telling Happy he was sure he was the best thing that had happened to Pepper in a long while, but to also warn the other man that Pepper would always remember his first fiance, Colin, a brave man who lost his live by fighting in what he believed.

Happy had just nodded, and told both of them he knew, while none of them knew, Pepper had made all the right steps in being able to tell Happy all that had happened the UK. It was that happening that made him decide he wanted to marry the redhead, after everything that had happened, she was still such a strong woman.

Which lead them to standing here, in what would be Stark Tower in a few more weeks. Most of construction had been done, the interior decorators were busy with making it all, ready to move into.

Tony was also planning on taking the tower off the grid, he had even built an arc reactor in the basement, with Starkanium at its core, to power it all in a nature friendly way. The only thing he needed to do was take them out of the electric network, which would be done after everything was finished.

Taking a hold of Tony's hand, Harry and he made their way inside of the tower, seeing the floors that would be holding SI and MI workers alike, the SI floors were a blue colour, while MI had red colours. Going up towards their penthouse, Harry smiled as he got out of the elevator.

"Have I thanked you yet for giving me a chance to be here? The manor was getting lonely, and I already spend most of the night close to you anyway. This is a logical step, and I am glad we took it."

Tony chuckled, "I also wanted to reunite the family, I know you miss Remus, Dora, Andy, and Teddy every week. This way you won't be missing them so much. With you being the Master of Death, you won't need as much as sleep as a normal human, same with me - meaning you can make it to LA with plenty of time to work from there. Even more so, even if you don't want to - you can take an office here and use that for the day. If any of them need you, they know to call you anyway.

Not only that, but I think everyone at both our companies knows that we're an item. They are just keeping it quiet, to respect our privacy."

Harry smiled, "I know, but I think it's cute, that they keep trying to congratulate me on that. Even Carol, I told you about her, right, she called me a week ago to thank me for loaning her the MI attorneys in the court case against her ex-husband. But she also told me she was happy I found love here, and after seeing us together, when he came through the hall of LAX, she saw how happy I was with you.

Even if you're Tony Stark, she kept telling I shouldn't let a man who makes me as happy as you do, go."

Tony grinned, "than I am so very happy, I make you happy, sweetheart, I hope to keep doing that - for a very long time to come."

Harry grinned, "so, we're staying here for the weekend, right?"

Tony nodded, grinning too, none of their family knowing they had already moved to NYC, the power of magic on their side. Now he just needed to tell his lover the last surprise.

"That's the plan, and with tomorrow being a Friday, I thought we could go to Charles' school and pick up Teddy together with Andy. Or ask Andy if it's alright we pick him up - Dora and Remus should still be at work at that time."

Grinning even wider, Harry turned around and pressed his lips to the other man's.

"Good plan, then?"

Harry nodded, locking their lips again, pulling away to say, "the very best, as I came to expect from you, love."

Tony just grinned, wrapping his arms around the other's waist, "you ready to explore every part of this penthouse?"

Harry arched an eyebrow, "why do I get a feeling we won't get much further than the bedroom."

Tony leered at him, "because I like exploring you in the bedroom."

Harry just laughed, but turned and ran to the bedroom, his lover closes on his heels, falling onto the bed in a tangle of limbs, their clothing being pulled off as they kissed heavily. Their coupling after that was just as heated, and full of love.

After, they were laying together in the bed, Harry resting his head on Tony's shoulder, a small smile on his face at being able to have this.

"I love that you get along so well with my family, Tony, I love you, but I don't know if I could do so with anyone not able to get along with Remus, Dora, Andy, and Teddy."

Tony nodded, before pressing a kiss to the other man's hair, "yeah, I figured that out very soon. Especially with the way you all treat each other. It's the kind of family I always hoped I would have, but of course my old man didn't know how to give love to his genius son - only thing he wanted to do was look for a super soldier on ice."

As he said that, a cold spread over the room, looking up, they saw Lady Death standing there. If they felt embarrassed, which they didn't, both Tony and Harry would pull up the blankets, instead both of them let the sheets pool at their waists.

"Lady Death, normally you wait after we were intimate."

Lady Death nodded, "normally I would, but I came here to warn the both of you. The first phase of Thanos' plan will start in 2 weeks. He found someone close to this planet that knows how Earth, or Terra, works, breaking his mind so he would lead an assault on it."

Harry and Tony grimaced, "so we're dealing with a prisoner of war who will act under coercion?"

Lady Death nodded, happy that her Master and her Merchant picked up on that. As she knew they would, they would look for those signs other would miss, making it so that one of her favourite beings in the multiverse, as well as the parent of a deity which embodied her will on his plane, would be able to be saved - instead of what happened to them in other universes.

"You should pay attention to their eyes, in particular. You'll know what I mean when you see them."

Harry and Tony nodded, "thank you for the heads up, My Lady."

Lade Death nodded, "this is all I can do for now, but I know you both will make sure everything will go the way it needs to go."

"We will try out best, to make sure it goes like that."

Lady Death nodded one last time, before she finished, leaving her chosen to enjoy their evening together.

The next day, about an hour before school let out at Xavier's institute for gifted youngsters, Tony and Harry ware driving to the school with the Brit's SUV. They had called Andy and told her they had already moved and wanted to get teddy from school.

The older woman had agreed, a smile on her face, and had called the school to let them know that Teddy's uncle would come to collect him.

Tony in turn reached out to Charles to let the man know it would be them. After meeting Remus and Dora, the telepath knew Tony and Harry were on the approved people to come and collect Teddy at any time.

The school's headmaster had given his agreement and asked them to step into their office when they were close by. Both of them had agreed.

Walking up the field around the school, some of the older teens were gaping at seeing them on the school grounds. Teddy when he saw them pushed past his classmates to wrap his arms around Harry.

"Uncle Harry, Uncle Tony, you came!"

Tony laughed, as he tousled the boy's hair, "sure we did, kid, we wanted to surprise you today. And your grandma let us come and pick you up."

Teddy beamed up at them, taking both their hands as he walked back to Jean, who was smiling at them.

"I hear a congratulations is in order."

Tony and Harry beamed at her, "thanks, Jean. Is it alright if we go and see Charles now?"

Jean nodded, mentioning them to go past her. All of them knew that if they didn't find the headmaster's office, Teddy could take them there, or Charles would guide them there. Both of them were looking forward to seeing what Charles wanted from them.

As it appeared, Charles wanted to ask them if either, or both, of them wanted to come to the school at another moment to give something like a business class, as well as to talk to them about letting some of the older kids intern at SI or MI.

Seeing as both their companies already had an internship program, and were opened to accepting teens who were enhanced, this would be a great way for them to gather experience, and maybe even get a job after college. Especially with an internship at MI or SI on their resume, would increase their chances later on in life.

So, without any trouble, Harry and Tony agreed to do that, discussing some days in the near future that would fit one, or both of them.

Charles smiled as they said goodbye, Teddy holding onto Harry's hand as he kept on talking about what had happened at school today. Harry and Tony just smiled, both at the kid between them, as well as each other.

Making their way to the house Remus, Dora and Andy lived in, Teddy ran inside and hugged his grandmother, babbling a mile a minute about school, Harry and Tony picking him up, his friends, the teachers, and the things they would be doing next week.

Andromeda just smiled and entertained the little boy, sneaking glances at her nephew and his boyfriend, she had been so happy to hear that the Black heir had found love. After everything that had happened to him these last years, he was one of the ones most deserving of it.

The fact that his partner was also wealthy, and just wanted Harry for who he was, instead of his money, fame, or status. In fact, Anthony Stark had his own fame in America, had been born to one of the most successful businessmen - and had taken that company to a whole new level.

Seeing them together brought a smile to her face, and warmth in her heart, knowing that the Potters, as well as Sirius would have loved the other man. The man that managed to make their (god)son smile again and enjoy life.

"What are you smiling about, Andy?"

Andromeda shook her head, "nothing, Harry, just happy to be here close to my family. As well as seeing you laugh again - it has been a while..."

Tony grinned, "I try to bring him joy every day, I know he deserves it."

Andy nodded, once again enjoying the way Tony did everything, he could, to make Harry smile, and enjoy life, as well as concentrate on himself instead of trying to carry the whole world on his shoulders.

When Remus and Dora entered, looking slightly tired from the trip back from LA, Harry and Tony grinned at each other, before turning to the married couple.

"So, how would you both like to only have to travel 30 minutes to work, which would still be in the same time zone?"

Dora and Remus blinked a few times, here looking at them, "the tower is finished?"

Tony nodded, "we already spend the night there, your apartments are ready too, they just need some more furniture and paint, but I thought we'd be able to get that done this weekend."

Teddy cheered, he knew that the house they were in wasn't totally theirs, they rented it so he could attend Professor X's school. With his family living once again together in the tower Tony had been building, his parents would be there again when he came home from school and would be able to come and get him from school too.

He knew why they couldn't, or more correctly, knew they would be able to - as Uncle Harry was their boss, but they didn't want to take advantage of that.

Remus and Dora smiled, "I guess it wouldn't hurt, and I look forward to that. To living together again. It's really finished?"

Tony nodded, "well, almost, I still need to pull it off the grid, but I wanted to do that this weekend too. Maybe so Teddy can finally see Iron Man take off in front of him."

Teddy cheered again, after finding out Tony was Iron Man, his uncle's boyfriend was his favourite person on the planet. Other children at the institute didn't believe he actually knew Iron Man, but after today when uncle Tony and Uncle Harry came and picked him up, none of them could doubt that.

Their Saturday was spend going from store to store to make sure everything was brought for the Tower, so they could spend the Sunday decorating, painting and just making it their new home.

With their apartments having taken priority, the business parts from SI and MI wouldn't move in until next week, but that didn't matter. All of them could live here already, with Dora and Remus taking time to get their offices in order, going between LA and NYC for now, to get everything they needed to New York.

When Tony took off them the landing platform on the tower, Teddy looking on and cheering as the American took a lap around the tower before he made his way to the energy supply line in the bay.

Harry put in an earbud and tapped it a few times.

"Test, test."

Tony's voice came from the other side, "I can hear you loud and clear, love, I'm going underwater now, I'll hear you when I put her off of the grid."

Harry hummed, before turning to the tablet he was holding, looking over several things on MI, such as the stock prices, new plans he had gotten on mail, or even just the ratings of their products.

A hum in his ear made him take his attention off of the tablet, "Are we ready to light her up, babe?"

Another hum, followed by, "yeah, I took her off the grid, you just need to turn the switch."

Laughing, Harry opened another app on his tablet, "are we ready for this, JARVIS?"

The other British voice sounded, "we are, sir, I ran all the numbers. You are free to turn the switch."

Humming, Harry turned a button on the app, putting the tower from grid power to power from in built in arc reactor. The light turned off, before it went back on again, JARVIS adjusting the settings, to make sure the light intensity was the same as it was before.

Looking around their living room, Harry spoke into the earpiece, "how does it look from the outside?"

Tony scoffed, before saying, "like Christmas, but more... us."

Harry snorted, before laughing out loud.

"I can imagine, it looks great then?"

Tony hummed, "it does."

Harry looked outside the window, seeing the little light that was Tony approaching the Tower. Teddy had already been put to sleep, Remus and Dora retreating to their own apartment, with Andy following to her own apartment linked to the one Remus, Dora, and Teddy were in.

The moment Tony touched down; Harry got a notification from JARVIS that Agent Coulson was on the line for both of them. He could hear Tony telling JARVIS to tell the agent that they were busy right now, to let the man call them back.

Harry had to chuckle as Coulson made an override on JARVIS' systems, which the AI most likely allowed, but still. Hearing Tony enter from the balcony, while telling Coulson to speak to the real-life decoy of Tony Stark.

Looking up when the elevator opened to let Coulson in their apartment, Harry frowned.

"JARVIS, I really hope Coulson did an override, seeing as it's not just us in the tower. No offence to you, Coulson, but we don't know you that well and my godson is running around here too."

Coulson help up his hands, "I did an override, and we knew you weren't the only ones in the tower. We checked, but this is very important."

Harry and Tony looked at each other, before looking at Coulson, "What can be so important?"

Giving them a tablet, both of them looked it over, seeing very different people on the screen, as well as a blue cube thing - one that seemed to be stolen recently.

"We had a contact with an alien force a few night ago, it killed, or took some of our agents, seemingly without their will. Not only that, but they managed to get into a secure facility, and managed to leave while we were just standing there. The artifact that this identity took is something we would like to receive as soon as possible."

Harry and Tony looked over everything on the tablet, looking at Coulson as he finished talking, looking back at the tablet again.

Harry sighed, "I'll go and talk to Remus, can you call Pepper that we both won't be in next week. I think this will take priority now."

Turning to Coulson he added, "I take it Fury asked you to come and get us, to help with this?"

Coulson nodded, "we're counting on the both of you, mostly because we need everyone we have on board."

Looking at Harry, he added, "we might also need someone with knowledge of magical, and the mythical. As the entity that attacked us was verified as Loki of Asgard."

Harry blinked a few times, before looking at Tony, communicating that they needed to talk to Lady Death as soon as possible, especially as she had hinted that something had been happened in Asgard, which was linked to the Mad Titan making his way to Earth.

"I'll just go and let the family know, Tony, can you look over the information we got from Coulson. Come on, Phil, I'll walk you out."

Phil nodded, "you know where to reach us, don't you, Stark."

Tony nodded absentmindedly as the elevator closed, making Coulson turn to Harry.

"We don't know what is going on, but this is something we aren't prepared for. We'll be happy to see you both come by, for whatever way you can help - as I said before, we'll need everyone we can get."

Harry hummed, "I take it we won't be the only ones coming to help then, seeing as this is something we didn't expect to happen."

Coulson nodded, "yes, we're calling in everyone we can reach, and who are willing to work together with us."

Harry grimaced, "yeah, I heard SHIELD doesn't have the best reputation with the enhanced community."

Coulson nodded, "yeah, sadly enough, we're happy we have you both as part-time consultants, which will make all our jobs that much easier. We have no idea what is coming from this, the only thing we do know is that it's something new, but not something good."

Harry sighed, "We'll have to wait and see, I guess. The best thing we can do is prepare with everything we have and hope for the best."

Remus and Pepper reacted as both of them knew they would react. They both sighed, before agreeing to take over some of their CEO duties, while they went off to save the world. Both of them had their own brand of saving people thing, which was something they had to live with.

Back into the apartment, they called out to Lady Death, asking her to come and see them.

"I take it, it has begun."

Looking at the entity as she appeared, her eyes for what they could see appearing to be looking around miserably.

"You have found Loki then."

Harry nodded, "we were informed he managed to get into a secure base and get away with some artifacts, as well as some of the SHIELD agents on duty there. I am guessing the Norse God was taken up by the Mad Titan, and persuaded, or even brain washed to come here and do whatever it is they wanted to get done here."

Lady Death sighed, "he was brainwashed, you should look at his eyes."

As this was the second time Lady Death had mentioned Loki's eyes, and them looking at them. Looking at each other, they made it a point to do so - to make sure they made it their own project to look at the Norse God's eyes, and whatever Lady Death wanted to see.

"I wish you luck with what is happening, My Merchant, My Master."

With both of them going over all the documents Coulson had left behind for them, it was decided they would put JARVIS on going over facial recognitions, to see if they could locate Loki before anything else happened.

With that plan in mind, both of them let other enhanced know that something might be coming, even it they didn't know for sure what it was. It never hurt to have back-up nearby - especially not when this was in essence a scouting mission by the Mad Titan.

When they got a hit about Loki in Germany, where he was seen entering a building hosting a ball with several prominent scientists.

Cursing, Tony pressed a kiss to Harry's lips before putting on his armour and taking off in the direction of Germany - they stayed connected to each other by the same earpiece neither of them had taken off.

While Tony babbled some thing or another into his ear, Harry made sure to look at pictures he could find in which he could find of Loki, the most recent ones taking place not that long ago in New Mexico - where the thing that he noticed was the vivid green eyes.

Comparing them to the pictured from the underground bunker, he could see that the God's eyes were blue - the same blue as the scientist and the SHIELD agents he took with him to wherever he went to.

Cursing, Harry made a note of that, and made a mental note to tell Tony as soon as they reunited. After all the times Lady Death let them know to watch out for Loki's eyes, he and Tony had agreed on doing just that. Making Harry stay behind to look at any archive images they had of Loki.

With what they knew about the Mad Titan and the little hints Lady Death dropped, they knew this moment in time would set the pace for everything that would come after all this.

Before Harry left too, he went by Remus, Dora, Andy, and Teddy, and asked them to go back to the Black manor, just to be sure. Something wasn't feeling right for him, and if both his and Tony's luck held out - chances were great that the invasion Lady Death warned them for would take place in New York.

No way in hell did he want his family to be in the middle of it, he also sends out a message to Professor Xavier, asking the man to contact every enhanced he knew, or could reach, to let them know that something was going to happen and soon.

A lot of enhances lived in, or close to, NYC, and while he would like to keep others out of this, he knew that all of them wouldn't hesitate to protect their city, family, or home - so better to forewarn them of what was to come, instead of not doing so at all and leaving them to their own fates.

Remus and Dora, having been forced to sit out one battle, protested on this, and on letting Harry go alone.

Harry promised he'd be careful, and had Tony promise the same thing through the earpiece, but he also mentioned that Teddy needed his parents, and he would never forgive himself if something happened to Remus and Dora, when he could prevent it from happening.

His uncle, aunt and great-aunt finally agreed, if only to be sure Teddy wouldn't be caught in the crossfire. With the discussion happening, it had taken quite a few hours. The earpiece letting him know that Tony, and some SHIELD personal had managed to get a hold on Loki.

His boyfriend sends over his coordinates, Harry looked at them, and turned on his feet and dissapperating to the coordinates he had been send.

Tony was getting annoyed by the people around him, none of them knew him - but acted as if they did. The SHIELD agent that had been flying the plane in Germany, had fit the description Harry had given him about the person that had tried to infiltrate MI.

She tried to talk to him, no doubt to try and get whatever information SHIELD had been after in trying to get to infiltrate either of their companies. He kept on ignoring her, even if she tried to start a conversation.

The blond in the back kept on glaring at him for doing that, not that he would have expected anything else from perfect Captain America, the man out of time, who probably still believed in doing whatever a dame needed or wanted, instead of doing whatever he wanted to do.

The plane ride was going well too, until he noticed the extensive amount of lightning going and thinking back about the file he had read about Thor, the God of Thunder, and the relationship he should have with Loki - who, now that he looked at the other man, didn't look all that good.

When the blond god came into their plane and took Loki from the hull, He jumped after him, hoping to be able to talk to the other man on what had happened with Loki, and what could happen in the near future, if they didn't treat carefully.

Sadly enough, he wasn't able to do so, as the good Captain came between them before a word could be uttered. Luckily, Thor was persuaded in going along with them to the Hellicarrier - to lock up his brother and see what could happen next.

Sighing, the genius couldn't help but think that for being the older brother, he didn't act like it - wasn't even all that invested in his younger brothers deeds and what was happening, which he found odd.

Finally, back on the Hellicarrier, he took his time to let Harry know where they were, and to get some alone time from the people he found stupid in the steering room of said flying craft. He hoped his boyfriend would show up soon, or anyone really, that he could talk to.

After everything that Fury had tried to do, with the agent being sent to spy on them, he wanted as little to do with SHIELD as possible, not to mention Captain Sparkles, who it seemed had already decided he didn't like him.

It made Tony scoff, he didn't need a relic from times past to approve or disapprove of what he did or didn't do - least of all Capsicle who was only defrosted a few months ago.

Shaking his head a few times, he was happy to hear Harry telling him that he was on route, as well as the Brit letting him know he knew just what Lady Death had meant by look for Loki's eyes. It would give them something to work with, especially with what to come.

Making his way back to the steering room, he wasn't even surprised to see all of them sitting there, around a table with their hands in their hair, not knowing what they could do now that they had Loki but had no idea where the Tesseract was.

Making his was towards a chair, Tony was surprised to see Bruce Banner coming out of a side room. Looking around, seeing the smirk on the redhead's face, he couldn't help but roll his eyes, trust the Black Widow to try and recruit a person who didn't want to come back to America. It did seem she managed to recruit him, even if Bruce's eyes spoke of a fear of himself and what he could do.

Smiling, he approached the other doctor in the room and held out a hand to shake, telling the other that he liked his study on anti-electronic collisions is unparalleled, and I am a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous, green rage monster.

Fury took this moment to step out from whatever place he was hiding at, "Dr. Banner is only here to look for the Tesseract, I was hoping you could join him, Dr. Stark."

Tony grinned, "I'd love to, but I'm waiting on someone."

This had most of the people around looking up in confusion, Fury's face on the other hand was showing anticipation, of course the man knew who they were missing.

"I was just going to ask where Black was, Stark."

Tony just grinned, as a British voice came from behind the other man, "I am right here, Nick, although I can't say I am particular happy to see you."

The whole of the room turned to look at the man approaching them, his black hair and green eyes making them think about Loki, except for the fine that his facial structure was very different, the hair length wasn't the same, and the gleam in his eyes spoke of excitement, and joy, instead of rage and indifference.

"Lord Black, glad to see you joining us."

Harry scoffed, "you did invite me, Nick, I just let the others handle the heavy lifting, my expertise lay somewhere else."

Tony snorted at that, before looking away as he felt stares on him, a grin playing on his lips - he knew that Harry was the strongest person here, and should he be in Germany, everything would be solved in a matter of seconds.

Captain America seemed to want to say something, only being beaten by Thor taking a step forward.

"What is it, you expertise in, Lord Black."

Harry grinned, "I am glad you asked Thor Odinson, I am one of the enhanced of this world. My power is an inherited magic, not unlike the one most Asgardians possess. I know Nick here called me in, because I have a fair hand at Magics from other worlds - Asgard included."

The Thunderer looked shocked that Midgard had a sorcerer's community, most likely because as much as Asgard saw themselves at the top of the food chain, they stopped watching out for the other worlds, thinking them concurred.

Turning to Tony, Harry took a step forward, before going back to facing Thor.

"Tell me, Odinson, what is the colour of your brother's eyes?"

Thor frowned, "Loki is known for having very vivid eyes, almost like your own."

Harry hummed, "then, isn't it absurd that the feed from the bunker show his eyes to be blue. The same blue even, as the SHIELD agent, and Dr. Selvig are shown to have after the sceptre tap them."

This had everyone gaping at him, with Fury asking for prove of that, "how would you know?"

Harry looked at the one-eyed man, "because I looked up footage of Loki in New Mexico, where he was shown to have green eyes. By asking Thor here, I could be sure I was right."

Nodding at Tony, the Stark let the images on his phone appear on the screens in the Hellicarrier, showing Loki in New Mexico, and after that showing him again in the bunker - the difference in eye colour highlighted.

Fury blinked a few times, "so Loki is as much a victim in all this, just like Barton and Selvig are?"

Harry nodded, "if you can get me a few moments with Loki, I am sure I will be able to knock him out of it. The force controlling him, won't be easy to break, but I know a way to get him out of it."

Thor looked at him, "how would you be able to do that. For all that Loki is a magnificent sorcerer, the being able to get him under their spell must be even more powerful."

Harry looked at Tony, before turning to Thor again, "the being who had your brother under his control is the Mad Titan, Thunderer. Who with his army of children is able to accomplish this without any problem."

Thor opened and closed his mouth, "the Mad Titan is a myth, a bedside story, he is not a real person."

Harry scoffed, "sure, so are Gods here, but yet, here you are. So is Captain America, who for all we knew died in World War II. Every myth and legend have their origins somewhere."

 

With the permission he got from Fury, Harry made his was towards the cell they were holding Loki in, the glass cage - which had originally been made to contain the Hulk, showed the Norse God to be pacing and muttering to himself.

It would have shown Loki just standing there grinning and looking confident, but Harry had enough experience with glamour charms to know when one had been cast, and how to look past it. It was the same with the glamour hiding Loki's too thin body, bags under his eyes and greasy hair - in all, the God looked like he was help is captivity, which he most likely was.

The man suddenly stopped, showing Harry a glimpse of green eyes, before the blue took over again, and with it a cruel smile came to the other's face.

"What is this, a mortal coming to visit me?"

Harry scoffed, "I came to visit Loki, not anyone keeping him hostage."

The grin widened, "you are the first to see this, mortal, that we keep a firm grip on his mind, how he pleaded not to. To die instead of the torture we put him through, and how fun it was. To see him break, to see his sanity and will decrease piece, by piece, until there was nothing left."

Harry frowned, "so you admit that this is not Loki?"

Loki's captor grinned, "but who will believe you, when his own brother didn't even see, didn't even want to see."

Looking at the camera hanging just outside the cell, the person controlling Loki grinned wider, "he called for you, Thunderer, believed you would come and save him, just as you did when you were children. Yet, when you never came, he became ours."

Harry could only contemplate on what Thor was doing now, knowing what he knew now, and how he would react to this piece of news. That even after everything that had happened, Loki still believed that he, his big brother, would come and save him.

Harry tried to make eye contact and succeeded, allowing himself to be pulling into the mindscape of Loki, which was shared with the being controlling him. As he looked around, he could see Loki chained and unresponsive in a corner. While a grey skinned alien was standing in the middle of the mindscape, his or its features reminding him a bit of Squidward, from a show he once watched with Teddy.

"You are foolish, mortal. To think coming here will free him."

Harry let out a cruel laugh, "and why is that?"

The Squidward lookalike grinned coldly, "because now it will give me access to your own mind."

Harry scoffed, "I'd love to see you try, but alas, I am not here for that. I am here to break your hold over Loki, and all others who you have under the spell of the Mind Stone."

The being stopped, "you have knowledge of the Infinity Stones."

Harry grinned, "I have a lot of knowledge, I also know of who your master is, and I know he is going to lose."

The being hissed, "there will be no such thing, My Lord will conquer the universe and prove his worth to Lady Death in a way that she deserves. By eradicating half the universe in her honour."

Harry snorted again, "your 'Master' is mad to think that he can mess with a primordial being, and even more so that he would dare to disrupt the balance in the multiverse, by unbalancing this universe, just for his delusions about Lady Death."

Seeing the beings hands start to clench, Harry knew he almost had him, too bad everyone always forgot how concentrated they got on the anger they felt, instead of on the task they were doing. He could feel the control slipping, even if the other hadn't noticed, too gone in his anger to see what Harry was doing.

"You dare question Lord Thanos' vision, he will rule all, Mortal, and I will look on and watch as he eradicates your planet."

Harry laughed, loudly, "I'd love to see him try, he picked the wrong universe to think he would succeed. He'll never win here, no matter what he tries."

Seeing the being step over to him, a hand movement predicting just what was to come next. Harry leaning out of the way of whatever magic the being tried to cast at him, grinning even wider as he saw the control slipping further, glancing over at Loki, he could see the God coming to, looking on in awe at the way Harry was challenging and daring the other to respond.

When the alien stepped a bit to close, Harry wrapped a hand around its throat, using his own magic to constrict its movement.

"Tell your master that he would need to conquer the Master, Merchant and Champion of Death, before he can even thing of wrecking this universe."

With that Harry threw the man away, and out of Loki's mind, using his own magic to stop him from entering again, until Loki had the ability to lock him out himself.

Making his was to the God, he waved his hand to take off the bindings holding him, watching them vanish in thin air, and the God stand.

"Am I to go from one Master to the Next, then?"

Harry shook his head, "I'm here to set you free and to give you your own mind back, I won't stay any longer than I need to be here."

Looking suspiciously at Harry, Loki swallowed, "then what is it you want?"

Harry shrugged, "nothing, Lady Death asked us to look for clues in your eyes, which we did. With me pushing Squidward out, the others under the influence of the mind stone should be fine too and coming to their senses any moment now.

The Mad Titan will be pissed though, but we prepared for that - he can try all he wants, he won't get past Earth, not on our watch."

Loki gaped at him, "you know of what the Mad Titan plans to do, to the universe, and of he could, to the Multiverse."

Harry nodded, "Lady Death filled me in, she asked us to save you, then having you in your own mind will be very beneficial for us. And if I have to be honest, I look forward to having someone else to talk magic with. While my boyfriend tries, and is a great conversationalist, he doesn't have magic, and can't talk shop with me in a way another Magic user can."

Loki glanced at him, "that is all you look for, and all you want when you free me?"

Harry nodded, "you look like you could use a friend, and I would gladly provide that."

Back in the control room, everyone was looking on a screen to see what this Lord Black was going to do. Tony and Banner were also staying and waiting, mostly because Tony knew that whatever Harry was going to do would make it unnecessary for them to look for the Tesseract.

Seeing the looks on the others faces when the person controlling Loki talked and admitted to Loki not being in control of his action, or even lucid in what was happening. Out of the corner of his eyes he could see Thor wincing when the being turned and told them all that Loki had been waiting for Thor to find and rescue him.

Thor looked away after that, "I was told he was dead, that I shouldn't go looking. How wrong we had all been."

Tony frowned, "hate to break it to you, Point Break, but sometimes you have to go against any advice anyone gives you and find out for yourself what is really going on."

He could see Captain America scoffing next to him, making his roll his eyes at the man, much to his displeasure and Tony's secret delight. Turning his eyes back onto the screen, he could see the moment Harry entered Loki's mind, he also noticed when they came out - it might have looked like not even a minute, but Tony knew it could be hours - the mind was an intricate place, where an outsider could get lost in.

Seeing Harry glance at the camera, Tony smiled and took a seat, making the others look at him.

"Stark, shouldn't you go and look for the Tesseract?"

Tony shook his head, "nah, Harry solved that issue, any moment now you'll be getting a message from Agent Barton, Nick. The hold the Mind Stone had over them is broken without the Other helping it keep control."

As he said, not even 60 seconds after Tony said this, both Fury's phone and the Black Widow's went off, signalling they had a text.

As they look startled at the screen, before looking at Tony, the genius snorted, "called it."

The blond next to him spoke, "or it could just be luck, Stark."

Glancing at the Super Soldier, Tony rolled his eyes again, "sure it is, Capsicle, or it could be me trusting in someone I know very well, as well as having faith in his abilities."

"Nice to know you believe in me, Tones."

Grinning at the Brit as he approached, Loki at his side, before rolling his eyes when the blond next to him got up and started advancing, "he can't be out of his cell, he's a criminal."

This had all those around him tilting an eyebrow, "Captain, which part of Mind Control didn't you understand. For us all, Loki is as much a victim of the person controlling him, as Agent Barton and Professor Selvig are."

"Still, he killed people, this does not excuse that behaviour."

Tony blinked, before looking at Harry, Fury and back to the Captain, "and what does a soldier do, Captain? Do they not kill the enemy. I can assure you that almost everyone in this room has killed, you included, or what do you think happened to the Nazi soldiers you bashed in the head?"

The captain looked uncomfortable, before glaring at Tony, "what would you know Stark, you made an empire on weapons, war and back-hand deals."

Harry whistled, "wow, where did he get his information? Let me tell you, Captain, that Tony made his fortune with innovating the world, and yes this included weaponry until recently - a branch of SI started by Howard Stark.

Not only that, but Tony loved to go more technological, instead of into warfare, but the person stopping that was his own Godfather, and in the end the person who did the back-hand deals and a traitor in the eyes of all America.

You have obviously been getting faulty information, which could be very harmful in the long run, after all, Fury called us here thinking we could be a team the world needed when it gets the inevitable invasion or confrontation."

Fury looked at Harry, his eyes glaring at both him and the Stark.

"You both know more then you let on."

Harry glared right back, "I'm not inclined to share, Nick, not after you send a spy to my company - a company which employs a lot of people who would be jeopardised when others found out something, they aren't ready to tell."

Fury looked away, knowing that Harry had a lot of enhanced folks working for him, most of those who hadn't told people close to them yet, others were of the Magical Community and would unintentionally out that part of the world when Natasha infiltrated.

"At least tell me measures are in place."

Harry grinned dangerously, "who do you think I am, Nick, of course I have measures in place in the event of anything happening."

The super soldier seemed to want to talk back on that, but everyone was ignoring him, taking this time to talk and get to know each other. Especially now that the Tesseract would be making its way back to them, instead of them having to find it.

Loki stayed close to Harry, even if he seemed to want to approach his brother but didn't dare or didn't know how.

Tony, Harry, and Loki followed by Thor made their way to a different room in the Hellicarrier. With Barton texting them that he was on route with Selvig, and several other mind-controlled Agents, carrying the tesseract with him.

Feeling like their work here was done, neither Tony, nor Harry wanted to stay in the Hellicarrier any longer than they needed to do. Tony telling Bruce he should consider doing the same, as SHIELD didn't have the best history with enhanced.

Looking up, they could see that the gamma specialist had followed them to much more secluded area, away from the mass of agents in the control room, as well as the SHIELD agent that had recruited him.

Tony wrapped an arm around Harry's waist, sometimes hating that the Brit was that little taller than him, making it impossible to wrap an arm around his shoulders, "found out anything else while you were snooping around?"

Harry tilted an eyebrow, "not more than what JARVIS found out when he hacked into the mainstream, I would guess."

Tony beamed at him, "great, so there are no more problems we have to keep in mind then."

Harry rolled his eyes, "this is SHIELS, Tony, we always have to keep them in mind, especially now that the first steps have been made to enter Earth into the intergalactic playing field so to say. Which will not help us, now that Thanos has his eyes set on this planet."

Bruce looked between the two Asgardians, before turning to Tony and Harry, "who is Thanos?"

A voice popped up from behind them, "that's something I would like to know as well."

Turning towards the door, they could see Coulson, followed by Steve Rogers, entering the room, almost all of them rolling their eyes at the blond who had spoken. He might have been a big shot in the War, but times change.

Looking at Coulson, Harry glared, to which the man gave a sheepish look back. The Super soldier, having seen the interaction took a step towards Harry, to which the Brit only turned and stared right on back.

"Is there a problem, soldier?"

Harry scoffed, "nothing that concerns you."

Bristling, the blond rightened his shoulders, before saying, "as team leader, is does concern me."

Tony burst out laughing, "and who made you team leader? If you hadn't noticed, there is no team to lead. Harry here made sure the issue was solved before it became a problem, which means SHIELD is keeping us here without a reason - or because they haven't been totally honest with us - which might as well be the case."

This had Coulson looking away, to which both Tony and Harry looked at the guy, seeing right through him.

"Let me guess, you got an order from higher up to detain us until such a time you were certain none of us is a threat. Not only that, but with blondie here, you're expecting us all to get along like children, while you already know that isn't going to happen.

Not only that, but you probably expect both Harry and I to keep on track, maybe even finance this whole gig, as SHIELD doesn't have a great number of funding - I wonder why that is. The answer to that question is also a no, by the way, we both have a lot of other things to do with the money we make."

Rogers scoffed, "like what, feed your own riches."

Harry sighed, "no, make sure our businesses keep on booming and keep on making innovations in all kinds of fields. Not only that, but a good portion of both our money goes into our employees, our interns, and into the education of their children. To make sure the right people get selected, regardless of race, colour, background or even sexuality - this takes time and money to realise.

Keeping at the top of the line, with great options for our employees, as well as making sure we find new employees takes money, effort and time, all things we're wasting here, all because SHIELD can't keep their promises, surprise, surprise."

Coulson just winces, which makes Harry roll his eyes, the man knew what he did was wrong, over riding JARVIS just to get access to the tower, and in turn them, all the while their family was still present in said tower.

When the Super soldier once more glared at him, Harry couldn't help to roll his eyes, seeing Tony and even Loki doing the same thing. This would be fun to see play out, if the blond actually though he could 'lead' a group of enhanced with such an attitude.

The tension in the room only worsened, with Rogers being the one to bring on the most of it, most likely not liking that he wasn't followed like he was used to being. Neither Tony nor Harry were followers, and he suspected Thor and Loki to also not be one.

Silence kept on going, until Harry's phone went off, the theme suggesting it was Remus calling him.

"Yes."

"Harry, what the hell is going on? The television shows a large hole in the New York skyline, with several being making their way through. I thought you said you'd solve this before it even began?"

Harry looked at Loki, seeing the man still the same, with green eyes, as well as no sign he was still possessed.

"Are you all safe?"

Remus hummed on the other side, "we are, but I fear for New York City, as well as its people. I know Charles is planning on sending the X-man down, and several other enhanced have been seen in the area. The warning you send out put all of them on high alert."

Harry cursed, before looking at Tony, who most likely had listened in on the conversation with his earpiece.

"Coulson, who took the tesseract?"

Coulson frowned, "Rumlow, and some other great agents, why?"

Harry hissed, "because they betrayed you and used the tesseract anyway to open up a portal like the person possessing Loki was trying to do. It just went active over New York City. We need to get out there."

Without waiting for anything else, the Brit turned on his heel and apparated, to hell with others knowing just what he was, this was one of the largest cities on the planet, they couldn't just let Thanos get his way.

Standing on the penthouse floor of Stark Tower, he looked up as he heard another pop, Loki, and Thor, as well as Bruce appearing next to him. The dark haired God having taken them all with him.

"Stark is flying here as we speak, what can we do?"

Harry frowned, "we need to clear the streets and keep it all contained as much as possible, if I am guessing correct, we should be getting back-up in a few moments."

As he said that, a voice sounded in his mind, "Harry, what is going on, I'm sending Storm, Logan, Scott and Jean over to you - we saw something on the television and asked Remus what was going on. I have confirmation from several other enhanced that they are in the area and want to help."

Harry hummed, "we'll have that promised back up in about 10 minutes. Does anyone know who else will come?"

The earpiece he still carried had some static before Tony's voice was heard.

"I'm on route, and I could see Barton, Widow and Capsicle taking off at around the same time, so I'll be there in 20, the others in 30, I assume we'll have backup in NYC as well?"

"Yeah, Charles is sending in the big guns, and told me several enhanced were roaming the city in an effort to help."

Tony hummed before the line went dead, Harry looking outside to see several large ship like creatures coming out of the portal.

"Thor, think you can put a stop to everything that comes out of that portal? Loki and I will do our best to evacuate the civilians, with the help of the others soon to arrive."

Turning to Bruce, he asked, "Dr. Banner, will the hulk be an option?"

The scientists winced, "I'd rather not..."

Harry nodded, before taking out another earpiece, "then stay here and keep up posted on anything you see, will you?"

The relief on the other's face was palpable, which made Harry, and Loki as far as he could see, angry on behalf of the man. To know he wasn't given that much of a choice in recent years was something to get mad about.

Nodding once more, Loki and Harry disappeared and appeared on the ground, trying to help as many people as possible, while also fighting off any aliens that did come through the portal. Thor swung Mjolnir and let it carry him in the air - shooting out lightning as he reached the same altitude as the portal.

Bruce meanwhile kept on calling out street names where help was needed.

Losing himself into the fight, Harry was pleasantly surprised when a force field stopped an alien blast from throwing him off of his feet, looking up he met Sue's eyes, and smiled, it had seemed the fantastic four were also here to help.

Looking around he could make out several X-men, the defenders, and some others that didn't belong to any specific group. The sound of thrusters made him look up to see both Tony and Rhodey in the air, going after aliens together with Johnny and Storm.

It had also been a while since he heard Bruce calling out any streets where there was trouble brewing, making the Brit take a deep breath, before concentrating on the aliens closing in on all of them, most likely seeing then as the last line of defence against them taking over.

"Where are the others?"

"I don't know, they left at the same time I did and should have already been here, don't know though."

A voice suddenly came through, recognizable as the Black Widow, "we found the tesseract and can close to portal."

At the same time Nick Fury's voice came through to Harry and Tony, telling them the counsel of SHIELD had made the unanimous decision to nuke New York and everyone in it, in an effort to contain the invasion.

Cursing loudly, both of them called for the Widow to wait, while Tony rushed towards the nuke, to bring it up into the portal, in an effort to take out as many of Thanos' forces as possible. When the Widow didn't listen, and all of them saw Tony disappear into the wormhole, Harry kept the portal open - or tried to do so - with his magic, feeling Loki and even Lady Death helping until the red and gold armour fell through again.

Biting his lip, he watched as Tony's arc reactor stayed out, until Rhodey caught his best friend and gave the reactor a boost to start working again, making all of them heave a sigh on relief at knowing the genius hadn't died (again).

Thanking Lady Death, he could feel her brushing against his mind, letting him know where the others were - just outside the city - and that they didn't wait to close the portal because they didn't seem to think Tony Stark was irrelevant to the greater scheme of things. It made his angry, but he would deal with that later. For now, he ran towards Tony, pulled off the face plate and kissed the other man right there and then, forgetting for a moment that a lot of cameras were on them and as such their secret was out.

Twinkling eyes met his as he pulled back, "now that's a welcome back, green eyes."

Harry just laughed wetly, "you could have died, you ass, you deserved it. And I got tired of everyone thinking you're in a relationship with Pepper, or anyone else, when you're mine."

Tony grinned, "as, so possessive."

Harry shut him up again with a kiss, much to the delight of their friends, or people who knew them, who had seen the two businessmen getting close in the last 3 years. Rhodey just beamed at them, but then again, he had known about their relationship since it started roughly 6 months ago.

With assisting the clean-up and Christine and Stephen coming over as soon as their shift at the hospital was over to check on all of them, it took them quite a while to get back to the tower.

Saying goodbye and thank-you to all of those that helped with making sure there were almost no casualties during the invasion, as well as making sure all the right authorities were informed of what had happened, what had almost happened and what would have happened should they let it happen - to make sure measures were put in place to start thinking about this in the future.

Seeing and waving off the last of the representatives of the CIA, MI6 and FBI, Tony and Harry made their way into their home, happy that at least the wards held up against the invading forces and all that was left was a little bit of clean-up.

Thor and Loki followed them into the tower, the blond one of the two telling Tony how brave he was to fly that device into the wormhole, and impressive to be able to survive it. He and Harry exchanged a look but didn't say anything.

For now, the less people knew of their status with Lady Death, the better, especially when they could use it as their triumph card against Thanos when the Mad Titan did make it to Earth in person.

The moment they entered the tower, JARVIS spoke, "Sirs, Dr. Banner asked me to inform you that the others entered roughly an hour ago and didn't seem inclined to help with clean-up out there. As a matter of fact, they helped themselves to the drinks in the penthouse and kept on seated, even after Dr. Banner asked them to go and see if anyone needed help out there."

Harry blinked, "JARVIS, is there footage of that conversation?"

"There is, Master Harry."

"Be a dear and throw that online, as well as send it to any available agency, it's high time we let the world know what kind of person Captain America and his cronies actually are. Throw in our request of them waiting to close the portal seeing as tony just flew through - and follow it up with their recorded answer of not seeing the point of waiting for that to happen.

I don't want to be associated with those kind of people, or even worse, for them to be associated with us when we did all the work and all they seem to be capable of doing is running around with other people's honour.

And while you're at it, look at any and all mission reports of mission the Howling Commando's went on, if he's doing it with us, chances are this is behaviour he did before."

Loki whistled, "you really don't like this Captain America."

Harry scoffed, "I don't like people who take things at face value, and who don't know how to look up anything for their own. I noticed that even if the report says he's been out of the ice, he didn't try to catch up with whatever has been happening in the last 75 years.

Not only that, but he took the word of people he didn't know and talked trash about the son of one of his supposed best friends, even if Howard Stark wasn't the man, I know him to be, this is no way of talking about your friend's son - at any given time."

Loki nodded, "I agree with you there, Sorcerer."

Harry grinned, "just call me Harry, he's Tony, by the way - neither of us want to be called by our titles, trust me when I tell you there are far too many."

The moment the elevator opened up, Harry was storming up at the people sitting in their couch, drinking from their beverages, and who seemed content to take up any place in their home, just because.

"Get out and expect the bill of what you have just opened, one of those bottles was a vintage scotch."

Rogers got to his feet, "now see here."

Harry scoffed again, "no, you see here, you try and have my boyfriend killed all because you think he doesn't matter, all the while there was no one else who could have flown that nuke into the wormhole. Add to that, that when we explain the situation, you were all happy to close it anyway - because Tony Stark didn't matter anyway.

This is your only warning, the footage has been made public already, as I refuse to be associated with people like you. If you aren't off out property in the next 10 seconds, I'll have our lawyers add trespassing, vandalism and theft onto the charges I am sure Pepper and Remus will slap onto you three."

Barton seemed to be the only one started into complying, getting up and making his way to the elevator, a cell phone to his ear as he was talking to a Laura.

Romanov and Rogers on the other hand, just kept on sitting where they were, a look on their face that didn't spell all that much good.

Harry sighed, before pressing a button on his cell phone, a rough voice answering on the other side.

"What's up, bud?"

"Logan, did you and the others leave already?"

"Nah, there's a great pizza place near here, we went to get takeout, brought you and the others some back too."

Harry sighed, "want to help me take out the trash?"

A rough laugh was all he needed to hear before he ended the call, a grin coming up his face, "last chance, get the hell out of my home."

Even Romanov seemed to be doubting now, her face betraying that what she guessed or observed wasn't the truth, in an effort to contain the situation, she smiled coyly at the both of them, to which Tony only wrapped an arm around Harry's waist.

"Back up, Widow, this one is taken."

The redhead didn't give up, "I saw, don't you want those images contained, I know SHIELD would be happy to ..."

Harry started laughing, "SHIELD would be happy to what? Contain those images for them, so we'd be in their dept? Not in a hundred years would I want to be indebted with SHIELD, not with all they tried to pull with sending you in to spy on us.

As for the information, we don't really care, and have been talking about coming out a few times, this will only endear us more to people of this age."

Rogers growled, "so it's all a publicity stunt, figured with rich people."

To their surprise, it was Loki and Thor who came to their defence, "you obviously have been very narrowminded if you don't recognize the love between Lord Harry and Sir Tony, after all I know I wouldn't be able to go and check up on my loved one had they have fallen from such hights."

Loki scoffed, "not only that, but I find it particular that you would take away that part of the conversation, at this moment, the ones who endear themselves to the internet generation have the most votes, the most acknowledgement and will stay with a whole generation, multiple generations, while others will fade into the background.

You are already running late to the start, Captain, I wouldn't endanger your own reputation before it could craws back from where it was put on ice."

The doors of the elevator opened to reveal Rhodey, who had gone to check up on an army base a few miles out of NYC, just to bring them up to date, and to make sure the brass knew what had happened and to find out who in their right mind thought it to be a great idea to nuke NYC.

He was joined by Coulson, who couldn't even look them into the eye. Rogers and Romanov approached him in a second when the man beckoned them, making Harry roll his eyes, before he caught Coulson's eye.

"Tell Fury we're off the consultants list, he should have thought ahead before pulling all this shit on us. Not only that, but make sure you keep dumb and dumber away from us, will you - you won't like what happens if we see both of them again."

As they turned to leave, the elevator opened again, this time showing the X-man coming through, Logan's arms stacked up to his head with pizza boxed from the little pizza place Tony loved. He could see his lover's eyes beginning to shine at the boxes.

Logan grinned and nudged the top box to the genius, which held a load of peperoni on them, as well as a written note from Alfredo, the cook, to thank him for what he did for NYC today.

Putting the boxes down, Logan came to stand next to Harry, "this the trash?"

Harry nodded, keeping his eyes on all three of the SHIELD assets, "yeah, but they were just leaving. Weren't you."

Rogers seemed to want to say anything, but with Logan taking a menacing step forward, and Romanov and Coulson taking an old of his arms he let himself be carted away into the elevator, and later out of the building - Harry made sure to check security feeds, to make sure they actually left.

Part of him wanted them to have stayed, so he could let Pepper and Remus know they could slap some more lawsuits onto them all.

Turning around again, he smiled at the people sitting in their penthouse, Tony pulling him down onto the couch as soon as he put his tablet down to make sure the others were gone, showing his favourite pizza in his hands, a bit telling him it was divine, as he had come to expect from New York pizza.

Loki and Thor were discovering Pizza, although he remembered reading that Thor had already eaten pizza once before when he met Dr. Foster's team. The X-men were talking among themselves, or with Tony and Rhodey about what had happened out there today.

Bruce had joined them, at a sedated pace, apologizing for not doing anything against Rogers, Romanov, and Barton - to which Harry and Tony just waved him off. Even if the Hulk was quite a sight to see, Bruce Banner liked the quiet background, like a true scientist he was happy to look and see what happened instead of interfering with anything that happened.

Jean made a point of trying to talk to Bruce soon after, the red haired woman smiling slightly at Bruce, and made a comment on his last paper on the changes of modern day medicine, even in hard to reach areas, mostly fed by his own adventures into the rural parts of the world, trying to help people who wouldn't be able to afford medical costs in normal circumstances.

Eating their pizza, all of them made sure to talk to Tony some more, Jean, also with medical expertise, made sure to check him over, even if Stephen and Christine did so already - just to be sure nothing had happened yet.

The last time the elevator doors opened, it was to show Remus, Dora, Andy, and Teddy running in to check on Tony, and the others, they had come over as soon as they had seen what had happened but needed to go through a check point before, they were allowed into the city.

Coming after them, at a more sedated pace, was Pepper and Happy, at a more sedated pace, after all Pepper's extended belly made them all aware of just what had happened in these last few months. After getting her hand in marriage, she and Happy hadn't waited that long to get married and in true Weasley fashion, it didn't take long for the redhead to get pregnant.

As the last one to get hitched and to get pregnant, all of her brothers were delighted and wished her well, even if that would turn into worry the moment, they saw what happened to Tony and Harry here in New York City.

Jean and Storm approached the pregnant woman, congratulating her on the little bundle of joy, while the Black-Lupin family were checking in on everyone, Remus and Andy taking care to look Tony over for the Third time, just to be sure.

Harry on the other hand, made sure to mail both Remus and Pepper about what had happened and what he wanted to do about it, before he put his tablet down for good, and was happy to just lean against Tony and enjoy his friends and family around him. Who knows how long that would last.

With the whole 'the Avengers' part behind them, Harry and Tony had time to focus on their efforts on using Starkanium in appliances for Wizarding households, especially since Starkanium had shown to be a very good conductor for magic, and resistant to a lot of outside force.

If anything, it resembled Adamantium and Vibranium in a lot of aspects, only it was non-toxic, and unlike the other two did conduct magic, which made it more of use for the plans Tony and Harry had for the merged project between MI and SI.

So, with that part behind them, and SHIELD substantially cowed to leave them alone, they could concentrate on that.

It had both of them, together with a team from both SI, and MI, all of whom were sworn into the secrets of the Magical community, or who belonged with it, standing in a meeting room where Tony was explaining the components of Starkanium and the things he and Harry had thought about, but now needed help with to accomplish.

As expected, all of the people they had gathered were very interested, and excited to be helping with that, especially since this was something so unique and ground-breaking - nothing could go wrong with this.

"Mister Stark, does this mean that we can make a prosthetic that could possibly be charmed to grow with the person that receives it."

Tony nodded, "we hypothesized that it could, but of course we need to run test before this can get to the public, but this is one of the project we want to endeavour, partly to also help our veterans, and veterans all over the world."

Several people started to clap at that, they had several veteran family members, some who had become an amputee after their tour to Iraq or Afghanistan. To know that there would be a prosthetic on the market soon that would be able to last them their whole lives instead of them having to get refitted every few months or years was amazing to know.

Tony smiled, "I'm still looking for people to add to that project group, as well as a group who will work more closely with MI in implementing Starkanium into electronics to make them last longer in a magical environment. Seeing as my people are more on point in the prosthetics department, even if we're a world leader in electronics, none of mine are knowledgeable in Magical - not that I know of anyway."

Several people shuffled closer to Tony, while others did the same to Harry, both CEO's laughed, they had done these things more times already and all the time they told the people in their project group to go and stand with the person whose company the project would do they wanted in on.

It was a great way to exchange interns, or even scientist who had a personal attachment to a certain project, it was one of the reasons both of them had chosen interns, or mostly inters who either were magical, or who were known the have veteran relatives.

To know everyone in their companies knew how they did things like this was so rewarding to know. Especially since it saved them time in explaining their way of working.

With their groups formed, Harry pressed a kiss to Tony's lips before taking his group to a level reserved for these kinds of project in the Stark Tower, it helped that they were still in the same building but working on different project and able to get help with the other group, but also get to MI, or SI, in help with general things regarding the project.

A knock on the door had Harry looking up, to see Pepper entering, with baby Colin in his stroller.

Beaming at his other godson, the one he shared with Tony, Harry abandoned the project group to go and great his best friend, pressing a soft kiss to Colin's forehead when he approached.

"It's great to see you, Pep, shouldn't you still be resting?"

Pepper waved a hand at him, "please don't, I already heard that from Happy, while rest is nice after giving birth, I was going crazy just staying at home. So, Colin and I thought it to be a great idea to come and look what Uncle Tony and Uncle Harry were doing."

Harry grinned, "well we're glad to have you."

While he walked back to his group, he explained to Pepper what they were trying to do, the redheads eyes widening at the possibilities.

"Dad would love to look over these revolutions."

Harry sighed, he and Pepper, not the Weasley boys, talked about their father a lot, so for Pepper to bring him up meant she knew something, or that something that happened that made talking about him so much easier.

Looking at her, he arched an eyebrow.

Pepper sighed, "Molly died in her sleep last week, from what I gathered she had to much stress these last years and her heart just gave out. If you ask me; she deserves it, for all the things she put all of us through."

Harry sighed, wrapping an arm around Pepper, "but she still was your mother."

Pepper sniffed and rubbed at her eyes, "biologically maybe, but I had a lot more support and whatnot from Andy then I ever got from her. And let's not talk about all the things she said and tried to do to you."

Harry sighed, and pulled his best friend close, "but she still was your mother."

He could feel Pepper nod against his chest while tears soaked through his shirt, looking up at his project group he said, "why don't you all take 10, get some fresh air, a drink and a snack."

All of the interns, and the two employees that completed the group seemed to disappear, he was glad that they had read the situation. He was even more surprised when a few moments later Happy and Tony stepped into the room.

The first coming and taking his wife from Harry to hug her close, he had of course known what had happened, but it warmed his heart that Pepper had a man that loved her for however she was, and who tried to keep track of her family, which wasn't easy with all those brothers she had.

Even more, he agreed to name their son after her last fiance, who never made it back home after what happened in the UK, if that wasn't love he didn't know what was.

Tony leaned against him, "so what was that about."

Harry frowned, but told Tony all about Pepper's mother and what the woman had done for and to him, the good and the bad. He also told his lover about everything the woman had tried to do after the war, and how it impacted her family.

"She hasn't spoken to any of her children before her death, as far as I know all the boys didn't visit her, and neither do they see their father. Not after everything she did or tried to do. I mean it isn't healthy for a woman to try and keep all her grown children under one roof in fear of losing them - even if she did lose a son, and a future son-in-law in the war."

Tony hummed, "you have a point, but she is still their mother."

Harry nodded, "she's still their mother, I imagine the other are having as much of a difficult time with this as Pepper is having, maybe not as bad, as Pepper's still hyped up with pregnancy hormones."

Tony hummed, "do you want to go and check in on them?"

Harry shook his head, "I don't plan on ever setting a foot back on magical UK soil, not after everything that happened. If they need me, or any of us, they'll know where to find us."

Suddenly, Happy's radio gave a rush of noise, before the voice of Bobby, one of the main security guards sounded from it.

"Boss, I have a Neville and a Luna Longbottom here, asking to speak with either Mr. Potter or Ms. Potts."

Harry sighed, "or they send the cavalry in their stead."

Pepper gave a wet giggle, to which Harry smiled at her, "I'll go and collect Luna and Neville then, we'll be right back. Want to come along, Tony?"

The Stark nodded, looking forward to talking again to the blond couple, both of them had a rather refreshing view on the world around them - especially with both of them pureblood wizards, it was nice to know that some of them did their best to fit in when they entered the muggle world instead of embarrassing themselves like a lot of the older generations did.

With one last nod to Happy, both men entered the elevator and made their way to the ground floor, both looking forward to what Luna and Neville had to say about the situation in the UK, but also dreading it seeing as they came all the way to New York, so it had to be big news for them to come, or in the Weasley's case send someone, instead of writing a letter.

Once on the ground floor, they could spot the Longbottom couple from afar, with Luna's striking white, blond hair, and Neville's dirtier blond, they were still a sight to see. With Neville filling out in recent years, and Luna's dainty figure - they were a beautiful couple.

Bobby didn't seem to know what to do, and even looked relieved when he saw them coming his direction, making both Tony and Harry smile.

Before Tony could greet Luna and Neville however, Bobby pulled him aside.

"Mr. Stark, Sir, I had a certain Mr. Killian here, who seemed to be under the impression that Ms. Potts was CEO now and that he had something he wanted to show her. When I corrected him and told him that Ms. Potts was CFO, and you were still CEO, his face changed, and he turned and went back outside. I just wanted you to know, as I didn't like the look on his face."

Tony frowned, but made a note to look up Killian's name, as it did sound familiar. But to know someone would just turn around and leave at hearing his name didn't sit well with him either.

"Thanks for letting me know, Bobby."

He clasped the man on his shoulder, before he re-joined his lover and their friends in getting to know what the situation in the UK was like at the moment.

"Luna, Neville, lovely to see you both again, I hope all is well, considering the circumstances."

Both blondes nodded, Luna accepting a kiss to her cheek, while Neville shook his hand with a wry grin on his face.

"I guess you could say they were alright. But we came here for a reason, is it possible to see Gin - I mean Pepper right now?"

Harry and Tony nodded, "you're in luck, she decided to come to the office today, said she went crazy at home. Follow us, you can tell us all that has happened together."

The other couple nodded as they followed the couple of CEO's, getting into the elevator and looking around quite shocked at what was going on around them. As neither had ever visited a skyscraper, this was not something that surprising.

Once back on the communal floor, Harry and Tony led the way to the conference room Pepper and Happy were in. Opening the door for them, they entered and saw that none of Harry's project helpers were back yet.

Arching an eyebrow at his lover, Tony said, "I told them to stay with my minions for a bit, at least until we can get this over with. As much as I trust them all, I don't think they have a right to so much of our personal business, love."

Harry hummed, "you have a point there."

Pepper in the meanwhile was saying hello to Neville and Luna, Happy just a step behind his wife, while keeping as eye on Colin who was still napping in his stroller.

Taking a seat, Luna looked at Pepper, "your dad wants to meet up again, he knows that he was wrong to follow Molly in all she did. But after everything that happened, he had a feeling she was the only thing he still had. Now that she is gone, he wants to try and mend the bridges that were burned in the last decade."

 


Pepper started crying at that, "that's the first thing he asked, after all these years of no contact, he asks to meet up again to mend bridges Molly blew up, all because of the ridiculous notion that keeping us with her would protect us?



I was 18 by that time, and still forced to live at him because my psychotic mom couldn't deal with the fact that Percy died, I lost a brother too, but she never let us grieve in our won way. I just needed to get away from the UK, and luckily Harry saw that - or I would have wasted away in the Burrow."



Before saying anything else, she turned and hid her face in Happy's chest, all of them could hear her sobbing, most likely because of what had happened, and what was happening now, as well as the fact that she never got to say goodbye to her Mother, no matter how much she didn't like the woman right now, that had still been her mother.



Harry sighed as he leaned against Tony, the shorter man taking his hand and resting his head on his shoulder, allowing Harry to rest his own head on the Iron Man's pilot.



"So now what?"



Luna and Neville sighed, "Arthur went to each of his children, the one he knew where they lived, to try and ask for forgiveness. Even though he didn't find it. Fleur and Hermione just threw the door close in his face and didn't let him speak for siding with Molly over his own children.



Fred and George listened, but told him in no uncertain terms that they would stand together with their siblings in this, which at the moment isn't looking all that good for Arthur either.



We were asked to come and tell Gin - Pepper, and you, Harry, as he feels guilt towards the things Molly did to you, especially when you aren't planning on setting a foot back in the UK."



Harry hummed, "Not if I can help it, I'm indeed never setting a foot back in the UK, too many bad memories. Plus, I'm more than happy here, with Tony and Pepper and Happy, as well as other friends I made here."



Luna nodded, "also because your destiny is here."



Harry nodded, "it is, and I don't plan on running from it. Why don't I take you down to Dora, Andy, Remus, and Teddy, so you can all catch up. We still have work to do, and I think Pepper needs some time to process this."



Neville nodded, "we guessed as much, but yeah, that sounds like a good idea. I have some letters from Draco, Narcissa and Hermione here too, for most of you, but that's for later then."



Harry gave a wry smile, lifted his head, before bending down and pressing a kiss to Tony's lips, before leading the blond couple out of the room.



Tony in the meantime turned to Happy, "do you remember an Aldrich Killian?"



Happy frowned, before nodding, "we met him at that convention in Bern, but as far as I know you never actually met with him when he asked you too. You spent the night with Maia Hansen then, haven't heard from him since, why?"



Tony shrugged, "he apparently was here a few hours ago, Bobby told me that he was under the misconception that Pepper was CEO, and he had an idea he wanted to show to her. When Bobby told him; Pepper was CFO, and I was still CEO he pulled a face and left."



"So that's what Bobby was telling you?"



Looking up, Tony grinned at Harry, "he was, but I didn't think it was important, I'll ask my people to look into it, so we at least know what he's up to."



Harry hummed, before pressing a kiss to Pepper's cheek as he went to find his group of project members to continue working on it. He hoped to have something usable soon, in an effort to show the market just what MI and SI were capable of together.



It also helped that he didn't have to do this alone. He was lucky to have Tony helping him, or at least SI employees who had some experience in the market they were branching out in. Especially with this he was looking forward to showing the world how it could progress and change. He also looked forward to the reactions of the enhanced community. It was after all for them and for the metrical community they were taking these steps to accomplish something that hadn't been done yet. 



Finding his team for the project, he mentioned them to follow him back to the conference room they were occupying before. As he was conversing with the two non-interns, he found their ideas to be very similar to his own. Which was both a good thing and the bad thing, he liked that their ideas aligned with his own. But he also feared that because of this they wouldn't get enough input to come up with new and innovative ideas for the future. 



The biggest problem he had with that was after getting to know just how brutal this business was. they would need to come up with new and innovative ideas on the fly if they wanted to keep the number one spot on the electronics market.



While it helped do you have a connexion with Stark Industries that didn't mean they could slack off as the 'newer partner'. In a way this was still a huge opportunity for MI to show themselves and to make a mark, chances where they would stay in this partnership with SI, but that didn't mean that MI couldn't leave behind their own footprints. Everyone already knew about SI, so it was only logical Harry wanted to put MI on the map, without doing anything competitive or damaging to Tony's image, or company.



 As he looked at the interns, he knew but not all hope was lost. These were college, University and even high school students who had a very different view of the world, which could leave them with ideas which are very out of the box.



it was what are the main reasons both Tony and Harry loved working with interns on their projects. He wouldn't be surprised if, as before, it was the interns that were given more leeway on these projects as they had contributed for the most part in the ideas that would shape the end result.



Both MI and SI believed in giving credit where credit was due, even if it meant putting interns above actual employees. Luckily, none of the employees that had worked on projects had taken offence on this. They too understood just what these interns had done for the project and remembered at time they had been interns and hadn't been given credit where credit was due.



As such most employees applauded both Tony and Harry for what they did for interns.



Entering the conference room, Harry was somewhat sad to see that Pepper and Happy weren't there anymore, but then again, after the bomb that had been dropped upon them, he knew they would need some time to themselves. He just hoped that this didn't put any unneeded stress onto Pepper.



Smiling at his project partners, Harry took out a tablet and linked it with the others in the room, one in front of each of the 5 other people he would be working with, until they could take over on their own. Showing the notes, he and Tony had done for this specific project, as well as the findings they had on the properties of Starkanium.



It also helped that both of them made sure to publish part of their research, either public under copyright laws, or internally on the server of SI and MI, which were protected by clauses employees signed when they started working for SI, or MI.



"Alright, this is all we have for now. I know my people at MI have some experience in adapting electronics to a magical environment, but now we want to take this one step further and make sure they are enhanced with, say, super strength, are able to use them without fear of breaking it."



He got a lot of hums back, and left them all to their reading, while he checked his mail on the tablet, opening a chat with Tony and asking his lover how far he stood with his own project. He knew that Tony always had a faster start, one of the perks of having a genius mind, and with it, able to come to conclusions all that faster.



It also helped his project partners, as Tony never had any trouble following their thoughts process and picking up when they stalled or didn't know how to proceed. While Harry had to concur, he was smart, it was still different as he didn't have the mind Tony possessed, and had to help his people in a different way.



Seeing that most of them we're finished reading, he laid down his tablet and directed his attention to the group of five sitting around him. Smiling at Laura who was sitting next to him he asked, "what are your thoughts about this ".



The girl blushed but said, "I think you and Doctor Stark did most of the work for us. But I am very excited to start working on this.



Harry nodded, before turning to the next person, Mike, who said the same thing as Laura, just not in as many words. Mitchell and Alida did the same, which didn't surprise him in the slightest. It was however Hailey who did surprise him, she was the only high school student here, but that didn't stop her from pointing out certain features she was missing on the prototype he and Tony had drawn out.



Harry just smiled and nodded, giving her the confidence, she needed to tell him, and her peers, what she was missing and how she thought that could be incorporated into the device, saying that her brother was a mutant with super strength, who had managed to crush more than one phone when he wasn't paying attention.



Harry nodded and made note of that, telling the others that it was the end of the day, but it they had anything other to add, they were more than welcome to do so, after all, he and Tony were only 2 people, who did this when they had the time, but in the end, this was not their project, and the ones on it were welcome to add and discuss whatever they deemed necessary for the project they were on at that time.



As the conference room cleared out, Harry looked up when after the others left, the door opened again to show Tony coming in and taking a seat next to him.



"Quite the productive day, don't you think?"



Harry nodded, "any hits on this Aldrich Killian fellow?"



Tony nodded, "yeah, I remember him very vaguely, but still, to know he had the balls to come and see someone at SI must be something special. I did some digging into him and his company, AIM, but so far I haven't found anything significant yet."



Grinning towards each other, they had just been planning on going in for a kiss, when the TV in the room turned on, with JARVIS' voice coming out of the speakers.



"I think you need to see this sirs."



With that, the TV zoomed in on an apartment building that had been caught in an explosion, cause unknown, but there had been people killed, there were still some unaccounted for, and several others had been taken away to the hospital.



But that wasn't what triggered both of them, what did was the fact that this was the building the Potts-Hogan family lived in. Looking towards each other, Tony called Happy, while Harry tried to call Pepper. Only stopping when Pepper suddenly popped up with a crying Colin in her arms, her clothing dirty from ash and soot, while the woman herself seemed really close to crying.



"Happy, Happy told me to go with Colin as soon as that man started to glow, and I did, to protect Colin, but now I don't know what happened to Happy."



Jumping up, Harry took his best friend in his arms as he looked at Tony, the man on the phone with someone. Hanging up, he said, "That was Christine, Happy was admitted to the hospital, alive, but they're keeping him in a coma to deal with the wounds."



Pepper held a hand over her mouth as she started crying again.



"Pep, Tony and I will go and deal with everything alright, Happy is tough, he'll be fine. I'm going to get you to Andy and Dora, alright, they'll look after you and Colin, while we deal with the hospital."



Pepper nodded, letting Harry lead her to Andy, giving her a short version of what happened, the older woman just gasped, before putting an arm around Pepper and leading her inside, to calm her down. Harry could see Luna sweeping in and taking Colin while Andy and Dora hugged Pepper between them.



Making his way to the lobby, he looked at Tony and gave a grim smile, "let's go and see what Christine has to tell us."


Surprise!


Arriving at the hospital, they were met with a great number of reporters, all of whom swarmed around them asking questions and trying to get answers they themselves didn't have yet. Not answering, they just made their way towards the entrance where they could see Christine waiting for them.


 


Greeting the woman, she gave a grim smile before leading them towards the room Happy was in.


 


"We put him in a private room, I didn't think you'd mind, and I know Stark insurance covers that. Anyway, he's alive, but he has more than a few broken bones and tender organs from the blast that pushed him against the wall. Beyond that he has several second, and third degree burn over his body. They are treatable, but we're keeping him in a healing come so he doesn't have too much problems with the pain."


 


Looking at her friends she added, "he asked about Pep and the baby when he arrived here. Are they..?"


 


Harry smiled, "Pepper and Colin are fine, if worried about Happy, but they are just fine. They are spending some time with Remus, Dora and the family."


 


Christine sighed, "thank God, I checked on all the other people that got brought in, but I couldn't find a redheaded woman, nor a baby, I am so happy to hear they are fine - or as fine as they can be after what happened."


 


Harry grimaced, "she's still in shock, I think, that's why Tony and I came over and checked on Happy instead of Pep, plus she and Colin shouldn't be here now, we've seen the reporters outside, that wouldn't be good for her."


 


Christine grimaced too, before nodding, "they started arriving, the moment us was confirmed that Happy was admitted, most likely to catch a glimpse of Pepper or either of you too. Maybe even hoping for the two of you, as after the Battle of New York, neither of you made a statement about that kiss you shared."


 


Tony just grinned at that, While Harry smiled, "neither of us felt a reason to tell the whole world more than they already saw. the fact that they all expect us to say something about it, just confirms that they expect things they shouldn't expect from us."


 


Tony scoffed under his breath, "reminds me of some other people."


 


Harry grinned, nodding, "indeed."


 


Before turning back to Christine, "thanks for taking care of Happy, we'll make sure to pop in every now and again, to get an update. I'll also have a SI agent posted here to keep the reporters outside, and to keep an eye out. I don't know what it was, but it looked a bit too much like an assasination attempt in my eyes."


 


Christine gasped, "did Pepper?"


 


Tony nodded, "she told us she saw someone getting ready to blow themselves up. How many casualties are there?"


 


Christine pursed her lips, "10 right now, but a couple of patients aren't expected to pull through the night, so that might change soon."


 


Tony and Harry nodded, saying their goodbyes and leaving the hospital, still not saying anything to the reporters still waiting for them like the vultures they are. Neither commented, just let it all slide, and kept on walking - hoping to get back soon to at least let Pepper know Happy was alright and would pull through.


 


As they approached their car however, a woman was standing there, waiting for them. Seeing her made Tony frown.


 


"Maya Hansen."


 


She nodded, "Tony... I, I need to show you something."


 


He tilted an eyebrow, before looking at Harry, the Brit shaking his head minutely, "make an appointment, I don't have time right now."


 


With that, they stepped into the car, Tony for once not at the wheel, but on his phone on the passenger's seat, a frown on his face.


 


"I don't think it's a coincidence that Killian shows up, Happy gets hurt and Hansen suddenly shows up again - something has to be linked between all of them."


 


Harry hummed, "let's go and take a look then."


 


With that he took a right towards the apartment building Happy and Pepper had lived in, the police tape standing out against the grey of the buildings. Both of them ducked under the tape to enter the hallway, seeing the point where the explosion must have originated from/


 


Harry hummed as he saw shades on the wall, pointing to the shadows on the wall.


 


"There are only 9 shadows, think one person died on route to the hospital?"


 


Tony tilted his head, "no... I think... something else is going on here, especially with all these coincidences going on."


 


Harry frowned, "we going to look further into Killian then? To see what was going on with that, and see if we can link him with all of this?"


 


Tony nodded, "I think that is for the best, especially now that I cannot just call in Rhodey, he has his hands full with this whole Manderin issue. Seeing as we haven't been called in, I don't think it's that severe, but still."


 


Harry frowned a little more, "Rhodey has an assignment?"



Tony nodded, a little sheepishly, "he called me a few days ago, saying that normally SHIELD get put on those kinds of jobs, but they haven't been endearing themselves to anyone. Right now as I am aware, they are keeping the agents grounded as much as possible.


 


Especially after it got out that they just sat back and let everyone else do the heavy lifting. Most of the higher ups, as well as the President are keeping them off of major operations, scared what will happen to non-compatents, or non-enhanced, if this is how they act with people meant to be their teammates."


 


Scoffing Harry only added, "they deserved that, I wasn't just going to keep all that a secret, no matter that they did indeed help protect the Earth, that does not make them the good guys. Especially when they sat on our couch, drinking out booze, and just waiting until we came up from clean-up. It might not be a great work, but it's part of the deal."


 


Tony grimaced and nodded, "if Rhodey hadn't been there, I wouldn't want to think about what would happen to me."


 


Harry shrugged, "you'd have fallen to your death, only for Lady Death to put you together again, tried that once, I wouldn't recommend it."


 


Tony blinked, "you fell to your dead?"


 


Harry hummed, "it was me or a friend, I knew I'd survive, or not stay dead, so it wasn't that hard a choice to make."


 


Tony wined, "I know what we can do, but don't ever try that again, Green Eyes, I don't think my heart would hold up against that."


 


Before Harry could give a witty come back, a voice sounded from behind them, "I would bring you back, My Merchant, your heart would hold out."


 


Tony pouted, "I know that, I just never want to see Harry falling to his dead, not if I can help it, Lady Death."


 


She hummed, "I understand, I think. Are you still busy?"


 


Both of them gave a nod, "we need to find out more about these shadows on the walls, and maybe talk to people who saw something similar happen. I want to solve this and find out just who had the great idea of trying to blow up my best friend, taking out other people in the process."


 


Lady Death hummed, "you need to visit Rose Hill, Tennessee. Look for the Keener residence."


 


Harry and Tony blinked, before they looked at the Promordial Being, "why are you giving away such information, Lady Death?"


 


She hummed again, "because there is someone in residence there, who My Merchant needs to meet. You'll get what I mean when you meet the boy. Anyway, I also need both of you free to come with me and meet someone."


 


Tilting an eyebrow, both of them looked at each other, shrugged and followed her back to their car.


 


"Get in, you need to drive to St. Margeret's school for wayward children."


 


Both of them blinked again, "you need us to drive to an abandoned boarding school?"


 


Lady Death just smiled, "it might be abandoned by the nuns and the children, but there are other people occupying the place, my Champion is waiting there for us."


 


Tony and Harry looked at each other, before they smiled, Death's champion was the one they hadn't met yet, and both of them were curious as to who it was, and what he was capable of.


 


Telling JARVIS where to go, they followed the directions to a building that looked like a church, but seeing as it had once been occupied by nuns, that was somewhat expected. The amount of cars on the parking lot was not though, especially not for a building that had been unoccupied for years.


 


Tony was tapping away on his phone, before he let out a little happy sound, "it's a mercenary's meeting place, seeing as no one ever wanted to buy this, they did some years ago and made it into a meeting/resting place so they didn't have to meet up in some random bar."


 


Lady Death grinned, "indeed, My Champion was one of the first ones here."


 


This had Tony frowning again, no doubt looking up who it was they would meet here.


 


An aha left him, before he showed Harry a picture of a brown-haired, brown eyed man who was grinning at the camera, "Wade Wilson, also known as Deadpool, in the community he's known as a mercenary who can't die - he served in the special forces, before he was honourably discharged after he got cancer. Not much is known after, but he popped up again, cancer free, as the mercenary Deadpool who got every job done, always lives at the end of it, and never shows his face."


 


Harry winced, "something happened so he wouldn't show his face, he looks pretty, maybe he lost those looks."


 


Lady Death hummed, so they were on the right track. Looking at Tony, he could see the man was still digging now that he had a name to work with. A hum here and there let him know that the genius was finding little tidbits of information about this Wade person. From the look on Tony's face he was liking what he was finding, which only served to excite Harry too.


 


He knew what kind of personality Lady Death had, so for her to decree this Wade her Champion, it had to be something very special that he did for her.


 


"What did he do?"


 


Lady Death smiled, "he fell in love with me, when I used an avatar to roam around. He eventually found out, and instead of leaving me, he stayed around, and he did his utmost best to protect me, even after knowing nothing could happen to me."


 


Harry smiled, "that sounds like he is quite the softy then."


 


Tony hummed, "only for people he liked though, I found a list of his credentials on the dark web, this guy is one of a kind, especially to those that have wronged him. After he got discharged from the army he volunteered for the weapon X program, which in the end was a government funded program to experiment with enhanced individuals, or try and awaken enhanced DNA in non-enhanced.


 


This is what happened to Wade, he was just a great soldier, but the weapon X program awakened his latent enhanced-gene, at the cost of his body however, the way they awakened it almost killed him and was a way for his body to try and make sure that he survived the ordeal."


 


This had Harry frowning, "I hope that project got defunct?"


 


Tony hummed again, "Yeah, Logan and Wade made sure it did."


 


Nodding and smiling, "that's good."


 


Lady Death smiled, "shall we go inside?"


 


Nodding again, they exited the car, looking around and seeing more than one person gaping as they processed just who was walking past them. Entering the former school, Lady Death guided them to a red clad figure sitting alone at a booth table.


 


"Vanessa, you came back."


 


Lady Death smiled and pressed a kiss to his covered cheek, "Hello Wade."



Harry blinked, "Vanessa?"


 


Lady Death nodded, "I was bored at one point, so I had one of the reapers take over, so I could take a break away from everything. I came here, donning a human form, calling myself Vanessa, which was when I found my Champion."


 


Turning to Wade, she mentioned to Harry and Tony, "Wade, meet my Merchant and my Master, Tony Stark and Harry Potter-Black. My Merchant, My Master, meet my Champion, Wade Wilson."


 


The red-clad figure nodded his head, Harry kept getting the impression he was smiling at them, which was something new. Looking around, they could see several people looking at them, most likely not knowing what to think about this meeting.


 


"Wade, they need some help with your... expertise."


 


This had Tony and Harry blinked, before they remembered what was going on and who they needed to find.


 


"We do, I guess. We need someone to follow, and if what we're guessing..."


 


Just as Harry wanted to continue, Tony's phone started going off, the voice of JARVIS coming out of it, "Sirs, I made a flight schedule to Rose Hill, Tennessee."


 


Sighing, they turned to Wade again, "we need someone shadowed and if what we find is as we fear it to be, we might need someone to..."


 


"Un-alive them?"


 


Tony snorted, but nodded, "yeah, un-alive him, we don't know for sure, but we think he's linked to all those bombings that don't seem to be bombings, claimed by the mandarin. We don't have a case yet, but some things are too much coincidence to just be happening at random. We have business in Tennessee, but we also need someone to keep an eye on the target. I think that's why... Vanessa introduced us."


 


Wade hummed, "alrighty! What's the rate?"


 


Harry looked at Tony, before shrugging, "what's your normal rate, Wade?"


 


The red-clad man hummed again, "depends on the assignment, how about $3000 up front and $3000 after the thing is done? $5000 extra if I need to un-alive him."


 


Tony and Harry shrugged, $6000 didn't sound like such a bad deal when they could leave for Rose Hill, without worrying about Pepper and anyone else Killian would target. They both knew that hiring a killer wasn't a smart move, but who knows what else Killian would do, none of them wanted to think about that.


 


Grabbing his phone, Tony held it up, "any chance I can wire it?"



Wade shook his head, until Lady Death wrote a bank account down, "you can wire it to this, it'll get to Wade in the end."


 


Turning to Wade, she smiled, "I know you prefer cash, love, but I need them to go to Rose Hill."


 


Wade just hummed, wrapping an arm around her as he pulled her close, the gesture making Harry smile, "so that's why he is your favourite."


 


Wade just shook his head, "I just proved I didn't care if she was Vanessa, or Lady Death, or whatever, I fell in love with Vanessa and I did a lot of shit to keep her with me, wasn't going to let the whole primordial being thing stop me from loving her."


 


If they weren't in the bar, Harry might have cooed, especially with the way Lady Death's pale skin lit up with a blush. He remembered when she would tell him about the Merchant and the Champion, at that time they seemed like some far away people he was getting to know through a mutual friend. 


 


But after getting to meet both of them, he realised that Death knew they would all get along just fine, and with her and Wade being some sort of couple, and him and Tony maybe marrying soon, this was the ultimate unity - Thanos wouldn't know what hit him.


 


That thought made him chuckle, the others looking at him, until he shared his thoughts and had all of them laughing. It was indeed something to be seen, just how the Mad Titan would be able to take them on.


 


Wade's phone gave a notification, as he looked at it, he looked at Lady Death after, "that was fast."


 


She nodded her head, "I really need them to get going to Rose Hill soon, there is someone there they need to meet. It happens in all the other universes, so it has to happen in this universe too."


 


This had all three of them curious, but as usual that was as far as she wanted to spill, Lady Death's eyes twinkled though, so it must be something that forms them in a way that is needed for the future.


 


Pulling out his phone again, Tony typed that they would be out of town for a while, putting the workings of SI, and MI, at a down low, citing that Happy's hospitalisation left them with some things that needed to be arranged. With the reporters at their tail, going down south might be a good thing.


 


Both of them did text Pepper though, to give a follow up on what they had let her know after meeting with Christine about how Happy was. She seemed happy to know she wouldn't lose another man in her life, even if this came on top of the whole Arthur thing.


 


Nodding to Wade once more, both of them smiled as Lady Death made no move to get up with them, it would seem she wanted to catch up. She mentioned them to go, she'd stay with Wade for a while and keep an eye out as well. After all, she liked all of them too much to let anything happen to her favourites.


 


Not only that, but if everything happens as it should, Teddy would soon have a playmate his own age, hopefully joined by another in a few years. As she looked on as her Merchant and her Master left the bar, she had to smile, their lives would soon change, for the better of course.


 


Wade grinned, "you're arranging something you shouldn't be arranging."


 


She grinned right back, "as if I'm one to hold to the rules, that was what you liked about me, wasn't it."


 


The man grinned, "that and the fact that you always came back, no matter what, you always come back to me. I like that I can't lose you, after knowing I was immortal, it got depressing rather fast, until I knew I wouldn't be alone for all eternity."



 



Lady Death smiled as she pressed a kiss to where his lips where, "you'll never lose me, love, I'll always be there, now, until the end of the universe."


 


Humming once more, Wade got up, "let's go look for this Killian guy then."


 


She grinned, "already ahead of you, hold on tight then."


 


As they left the establishment, Lady Death transported them to a mansion in the middle of nowhere, the guard detail however betrayed this wasn't some abandoned house, but a secret base of some kind. Curious, Wade sneaked closer, trying to glimpse inside.


 


---


 


Harry and Tony made their way to the airfield that held the private jet, so they could take that to Rose Hill, as Lady Death had told them they needed to go there. It seemed important if this was a moment in time that came back in every universe. She had told them that certain parts always came back - in every universe.


 


Tony getting kidnapped in Afghanistan, Harry losing his parents young, Obidiah betraying Tony, the confrontations between Voldemort and Harry - these kept coming back, and were as such, moments set in time that not even Lady Death could change.


 


This moment was one of those moments too, even though they didn't know what it would be. Both of them were looking forward to it, though, knowing was nice, but a (nice) surprise now and again was welcome too. It also helped to keep them on their feet, there was a war to be won still, even if it was years away.


 


They had hinted to SHIELD, to Xavier, and to other connections they had that something was coming, something that was going easier now that there had been an alien invasion, even if it was not the same thing as what was still to come.


 


But for now they knew they could only leave hints, prepare the right people, leave notes for the right people and act on those. Have connections all over the place, with other enhanced, with the military, even in other continents - which was a win-win for both MI and SI, as they were worldwide.


 


Taking place on the jet, Tony leant against Harry, "aren't you curious?"


 


Harry hummed, "of course I am, but I also worry about Happy, so a surprise might take my mind off things. I also miss Teddy, as he was in class the whole day and he'll have to come home to Pepper in tears. He loves aunt Pepper, so seeing her crying will make him want to join."


 


Tony hummed, "do you know if he has any friends his age?"


 


Harry winced, but shook his head, "he's a smart boy that's been mostly around adults his whole life, he doesn't really bond with people his own age, not even at a school for enhanced sadly enough. 


 


He made some friends with the older kids though, I heard tales of a Bobby, a Marie and a John. So he's not totally alone, although a friend his own age would be great. Or just a few years apart, last I heard the kids he hangs out with are 15 or 16, to his 9."


 


Tony nodded, "I had the same problem, that was, until I med Rhodey, who was only 2 years older than him. I wonder what the odds are that we find a kid that would bound with Teddy while in Rose Hill."


 


Harry blinked, "are you thinking about adopting?"


 


Tony shrugged, "who knows, we already know this is something that is going to last, so whose not to say we won't, if we were to find a kid that needs us and that we're connected to."


 


Harry hummed, resting his head on Tony's, as the other man leant against his shoulder, "who knows."


 


---


 


It would seem that it was destiny that they talked it over, as the first person they found in Rose Hill happened to be 10 year old Harley, who could show them to the spot the first bombing had taken place. 


 


Again there was one shadow missing from the report, 7 people would have lost their life there, but only 6 shadows were seen. As Harry noticed that Tony was figuring it out, Harry took Harley aside to ask him where his parents were.


 


This had the kid stopping and staring ahead of him, "dad went for lottery tickets, I think he must have won, as that was 5 years ago. I used to have a mom and sister, but they died in the bombing, I've been living alone since then, have no more family on Ma's side and Dad's side doesn't want to take me.


 


This backwater town also doesn't know what to do with me, as I'm skipping grades every other year, I wish I could leave but I don't know where I would go."


 


Looking at Tony, Harry glimpsed back at Harley, "did you mean what you said when you told us that Tony is your role model?"


 


Harley nodded, "he's amazing, and I always wanted to be like him, I had hoped to go to New York one day, but I don't think I'll always be stuck here in Rose Hill. No one wants to adopt a teen, especially not one that isn't in the system."


 


Harry grinned, "we would. I think Tony thinks you're the best thing in the world already, and I agree, would you like to come home with us, Harley?"


 


The boy's eyes started to twinkle, "you mean it?"


 


Harry nodded, "cross my heart, you're wasted here in this backwater town, no offense, and I know we talked about adopting. Plus, you'd have my godson Teddy to interact with when we get home."


 


While Tony was figuring out the mystery, Harry was filling Harley in on what would be in New York, as well as calling legal to start a custody case for them. Which in the end wasn't necessary, as Rose Hill couldn't wait to give them Harley Keener.


 


Behind the scenes, Lady Death smiled at her favourites, ticking off one name from her list, staring at one more - Peter Parker.


I normally update in the mornings, but I don't think I'll have time tomorrow.So, seeing as it is probably Thursday somewhere in the world (and about 40 minutes away from it here) have the next chapter for between technology, magic and death


Remus pinched the bridge of his nose as he looked at Harry, "let me get this straight, you went to some backwater town in Tennessee to figure out what happened to Happy, and came back with a kid?"


 


Harry hummed, "that's the really short version, want to hear a more detailed one?"


 


Remus sighed, "yes please."


 


Grinning Harry started telling about the shadows they had seen at Happy and Pepper's apartment, but the shadows - which were people vaporized in the blast - hadn't matched the deadtoll given to the hospital. Which had made them both suspicious.


 


Setting out to find the perpetrator, they were stopped by Lady Death who had given them a hint, telling them they needed to go to Rose Hill to find answers to the questions they had. Luckily, as neither of them had wanted their family to be left all alone, she had taken them to meet the third of her chosen, Her Champion - Wade Wilson, or Deadpool, who had been happy to keep an eye out.


 


With that taken care of, and the meeting with Wade behind them, both Tony and Harry had travelled down to Rose Hill, to find a young boy willing to tell them that there had been a retired veteran living there, who had been taking some kind of substance from a man they now recognized as Aldrich Killian, who was later replaced with someone wearing clothes that showed they worked for AIM - which was Killian's company.


 


Harry sighed, "Harley, who told us, also told us he lost his mother and sister in the explosion, but as this was such a small city no one could take him in, nor did they want to. Especially since he got along so well with Tony, neither of us could bear to leave him behind - he would have gone mad there, Remus."


 


Remus sighed too, "get on with the story first, we'll talk about Harley after, alright?"


 


Harry nodded, before continuing that whatever it was that this other man had given him, had caused the explosion to occur, taking out an entire block with it, as well as everyone in the proximity. The man who had given it to him however, had miraculously managed to get away without as much as a burn wound.


 


Getting permission to search the man's flat hadn't been necessary, as everything had been stored at the police office, even if they had all ruled it as a gas leak - which sounded weird, as most gas explosions didn't get hot enough to disintegrate people.


 


But it also took away them snooping around this guy's possessions, luck would have it that they found registration forms for a test project at AIM, which offered disabled veterans a way to regain their mobility again. As had been the case with this man, as he had lost a leg in Iraq, yet last they saw him, he had two legs again.


 


Tony, having found that piece of info, was digging into AIM and everything they had worked on for the last few years. What he found however, didn't spell out anything good for whoever was in their way. With the way Killian had acted once he knew Tony was still CEO, he guessed that meant him, and everyone closely associated with him - the main reason Happy was now in the hospital.


 


"Tony is looking into all that more and more, also to see who is funding it, and what might be an underlying goal, especially linked to the Mandarin. Nothing about this gives me good vibes, Tony feels the same way, so we are looking into it."


 


Remus nodded, "and Harley?"


 


Harry grinned, "you should have seen them, Remus, we found him on the road going through some trash to have spare parts for his potato launcher he build - also from scraps, all the while he was living alone and living off of whatever he got from his mom's pension and the insurance.


 


But he and Tony hit it right off, so well in fact that I think Tony wouldn't have left without the kid, if I had been against it. 


 


Anyway, we asked around for someone who acted as Harley's guardian, but all we could find was one overworked social worker, who told us that he didn't have one. She didn't have the time to arrange one (which is odd, seeing as it is her job) but also because no one would take him - citing he was too smart for them to handle, or too outspoken to deal with. Remind you of anyone?"


 


Remus sighed, once again, "he sounds like Tony. Which explains why you wouldn't let the kid stay there, but still. There is a lot going on in recent years, are you sure you're ready for a kid to be involved in this?"


 


Harry shrugged, "maybe, but I know we'd both feel awful if we had to leave him behind in that dump. Not to mention the social worker almost threw the guardian papers at us, when we passed by her to get everything in order. That town wanted to do everything they could to get rid of him, and that is not something they should be doing to a 10 year old."


 


Remus shook his head, "you're right about that, hell, he's about Teddy's age, I can't imagine anyone not looking after my son, should Dora and I die, speaking about that, what about his father?"


 


Harry shook his head, "ran out about 5 years ago and never looked back at his wife or kids. The mother was an only child whose parents died some years ago too, so Harley didn't have anyone until we came around."


 


Running a hand over his face, Remus added, "poor kid."


 


Harry nodded, "yeah, and we were sure we'd be able to give him a much better life here, not to mention, Teddy would finally be able to hang around with another child his own age instead of the teens at the institute."


 


Remus hummed at that, "you do have a point there, Teddy is also exceptionally bright for his age, yet didn't have the friends I had to counter that a bit. Maybe having Harley around could help in the long run."


 


Harry grinned, "I'm sure it will, we're keeping him home from school for a while, to make sure he has adjusted and has had time to process all this, as I don't think he ever allowed himself to take time for that. He was alone suddenly, without any support there."


 


Remus nodded, "I understand that, maybe Xavier can take him too, even without a mutation, so he can adjust with people he already knows around him - once the time if right, of course."


 


Harry nodded, "I'll talk it over with Tony, how is Pepper doing so far?"


 


--


 


A whole while away, Wade was biting his lip as he saw another truck make its way into the mansion he was looking at, nothing about this seemed to add up - except that something extremely weird was going on.


 


Humming, he pulled out his phone and called Harry, to give out a report and to ask what they needed him to do now. He could just waltz in there and start un-aliving everyone, but he didn't think that would get them very far.


 


Grumbling, he told the other man what was happening, to which he was relieved of staying there in the greens watching the mansion for whatever it was that is going on in there.


 


Harry however told them they were working on a plan to take down whatever was going on there, to just get back to Vanessa, and they'd meet up to close the deal. 


 


Humming, Wade collected his gear and skipped towards the roads a bit further away to call a cab to come and pick him up. Maybe he could get in as the action really took place, it wasn't like he could die or anything like that.


 


--


 


Tony concentrated on his screen as he hacked into AIM's server, trying to find out just where he needed to go to attack their funding. It was one thing to have a mishap while testing someone, or even people dying in a test face for a new kind of drug. But to deliberately use it to harm people was just out of the question.


 


Seeing just who was funding the project, he called Rhodey, someone had to go and warn the president that his vice-president was funding a terrorist.


 


When his best friend didn't answer, and didn't call back within half an hour, Tony knew that something was amiss. Something only added when he got word that someone dressed as War Machine had attacked air force one.


 


Cursing, he called Harry, told him to drop whatever it was he was doing, ask Remus to watch Harley and call Wade that they might need back up. They needed to save the president, and Rhodey.


 


Wade got a notification, just as he saw a car drive away from the mansion, carrying a man he could swear was James Rhodes in the back. Cursing, he made sure to attach himself to the underside of the car - not his favourite mode of transportation, but he needed to be there where the action was.


 


--


 


Harry could only watch as Tony made an effort, and succeeded in getting all of the personnel of Air Force One hanging onto him, making them survive the several thousand foot drop that would have killed them otherwise. Once they were all in the water of the bay, cheering for them and thanking them - he could see police boats closing in to get these people out of the water.


 


Once Tony was standing next to him, he told his lover that Wade had texted that he was following the car that held Rhodey, but couldn't see where they were being taken. Not that it mattered a lot, as soon as Tony heard that, he took out his own phone and hacked into it to see where Wade's GPS was located.


 


Having coordinates, Harry took them there, shocked to be seeing a set up on an oil drill with the president and Rhodey hanging from one of the beams. They could also see Killian and an assorted gathering of people he used whatever he invented on, all of them ready to intervene as soon as they saw someone.


 


Feeling someone approach, they both sighed at seeing it was only Wade, the other man looked sheepish, but nodded at them.


 


"What crazy house have we landed here?"


 


Harry pointed towards Killian, "blondie over there got stood up by Tony once upon a time, he didn't take it well. Wants to kill the president of the United States to prove a point, most likely. Rhodey is sadly there for collateral damage, and because it will hurt Tony more.


 


From the way he is looking around, he is expecting someone to show up, maybe us, maybe someone else, but we can't take any chances, not with this."


 


Wade nodded, taking out his katanas, as a gunshot might light the place on fire. Tony held out his hands, coated with parts of the armor. While Harry took out a scythe.


 


Wade gasped, "so not fair, she gave you a scythe!"


 


Harry smiled, "it's the elder wand, I needed a weapon once and it changed for me, it's pretty neat."


 


The mercenary nodded, gushing over it while he looked, Tony however grinned, "JARVIS, let the boys come out and play."


 


Harry grinned too, knowing that Tony had entertained himself a lot of nights, when the nightmares got too heavy, with building, and building, all kinds of suits to be used for these situations. They were also to be used in a search and rescue operation, when a human couldn't reach what needed to be reached.


 


Nodding to one another, Wade and Harry took the brunt of the attack, while Tony sneaked the other way to get the President and Rhodey out of harm's way. Killian wouldn't know what hit him, once they launched their own attack.



Tony watched as both Wade and Harry took the brunt of the attack head on, both of them much more in tune with the powers they were granted by Lady Death, plus both of them were enhanced outside of them being a chosen of Lady Death.


 


Sneaking out back, he climbed the structure both Rhodey and the President were hanging from, going to his best friend first of all, as the other man wasn't looking all that well. He was sweating and seemed to be panting from exhaustion.


 


"Platypus, you alright?"


 


Rhodey shook his head, "injected with something after.... after they took the suit."


 


Tony frowned, "something orange?"


 


Rhodey just nodded, making Tony grind his teeth, so it would seem that Rhodey got injected with extremis, most likely as a back up when whatever they were staging here didn't work. Frowning, he cut the army man loose, helping him settle down on one of the bars from the oil drill.


 


"I'm going to cut the President loose now, alright, sour patch, you going to be alright?"


 


Rhodey clutched himself to one of the bars, before nodding, "I will, go get the President out of here."


 


Nodding, Tony went and got the president out of his bounds, helping the older man stand and checking him for any injuries that couldn't wait. Finding none, he helped the president down, right as the first of his suits arrived.


 


"Mr. President, I'm getting you home, alright? But I need you to close your eyes as I know you won't be able to fly a suit."


 


President Ellis swallowed thickly, before nodding, "I will. Thank you, Mr. Stark."


 


Nodding, he had one of the search and rescue suits encase the president before it shot off towards the Pentagon, taking the President to safety, where he together with those saved from Air Force One should be able to find those responsible for this, among those his own vice-president.


 


Looking as his suit took the President away, Tony was shaken out of his stupor by Rhodey yelling at him, dodging, he found Killian standing in front of him his skin glowing a very unhealthy orange - most likely the extremis he had developed and injected into himself.


 


Frowning he found that he could dodge the enhanced punches and kicks the man tried to land on him, making him quip something about performance issues. After all, this was someone who turned super villian just because Tony didn't show up for whatever he was invited to. But even then, this mad man had approached him on a new year's party back in the 90's, when he was known to be a heavy drinker and someone who was late to meetings all the time.



Rolling his eyes, he stepped out of range from a punch Killian threw yet again, much to his ire, the hit making contact with the railings Rhodey was still standing on, taking it all down, his best friend with it.


 


Glaring at the man in front of him, Tony glanced around seeing both Harry and Wade fighting the goons Killian had hired - or persuaded to follow him, more than half of them he recognized from the files he found on the AIM website, so much for those honorable discharges for those that willingly aided a terrorist.


 


The way both of them were dancing around them, Harry with a scythe and Wade with his katanas made Tony wonce just a bit, all of those getting a direct hit never got up, making him notice the glow around the katanas and the scythe, so both of them were channeling their Death's gift, making sure these people were getting their dues and were transported, or their souls were transported, to whatever afterlife they believed in.


 


Turning to Killian again, he wanted nothing more than to check on Rhodey, he had seen what Extremis was capable of, but seeing was still something different than believing. If whatever Killian did made him lose his best friend, he wasn't sure what he'd do to the man - well, more than he already planned on doing seeing as he had deliberately organized terrorist attacks and had tried to kill the President.


 


 "See what I can do, Stark, if you had stayed away, nothing would have happened. So in a way I should thank you for letting me wait in the blistering cold for hours."


 


Rolling his eyes at that, Tony jumped to the side of the next blow, "I didn't do anything, you just went mad and decided to try your hand at a different super serum, that's all this is - genetic manipulation of people, which not only made it so they could heal from injuries that normally would kill them, but that also made a them a whole lot more aggressive."


 


Killian just laughed, "I made a better human, Stark, one that will be able to regenerate lost limbs, that is stronger, faster and greater than a normal human. I will bring upon the revolution for our troops, there where you failed us as you stopped producing weapons."


 


Tony rolled his eyes, "I stopped producing weapons when I got a first hand glimpse at what my weapons in the hands of the enemy meant for our troops. I started concentrating on those that are here after, and on making sure our troops come home safe, from wherever they went to.


 


The fact that you think that by developing the Extremis virus you'll bring something revolutionary to war, is laughable, and a disgrace to every man and woman that ever went out there to serve our country. You're the kind of man that will keep this for the US at first, but the moment someone gives you a better price you'll go there and betray your own country for the money. And let's not start with all the charges you already have with all the things you pulled here."


 


Killian grinded his teeth, the orange glow coming now from his eyes, as well as all over his body. As he looked, Tony could see the instability of it all, he had guessed that it still had a lot of issues that needed to be resolved, but in this case it might just work in his defence. If he could get Killian to overload, they would be one less trouble to deal with.


 


Gloating and poking fun at whatever he could think off, he could see it working, the Extremis was turning unstable, making different areas of the man light up - and from the look in his eyes he either didn't notice, or didn't care enough to deal with it.


 


While they were making their way through the oil plant, he could see a lot of bodies laying on the deck, most of them not a hair out of place, so touched by the weapons Harry and Wade wielded. 


 


Some, he could see, were slashed clean in half, also Wade's work no doubt, with a few seemingly burnt out as their extremis gave out, the same thing he was trying to get Killian to do, to make sure the mandarin wasn't able to make any more victims. Not that it would bring any of those he already made back.


 


It made him think back about the boy sitting at their home, who had lost his mother and sister in one of these attacks, and who had been tossed aside by everyone else in his town, because he was too smart, quirky and witty for a backwater Tennessee town.


 


Shaking his head, he noticed Harry out of the corner of his eye, supporting Rhodey as they made their way towards him. Both of his favourite men were unharmed, even if Rhodey was still unstable on his legs - most likely still getting used to the changes his body went through.


 


Killian seemed to see both of them too, most likely hating that he had injected Rhodey with a more stable version of extremis, and thus harder to misuse than his own test version. Tony also saw the exact moment Killian dismissed Harry as a civilian, seeing as he went for the Brit's throat with a burning hand.


 


Not that it ever touched him, Harry just looked at the man, an eyebrow tilted, "really now?"


 


Struggling against the invincible grip someone had on him, the blond seemed to realise he had lost. Even more so when Wade came to stand between Rhodey and Tony, firing his guns into his kneecaps before the same thing that held onto him seemed to suck the extremis out of him.


 


Harry held out his hand for the orange mist, closing around it, making it disappear. Looking at the man now on his knees, legs destroyed, and back to their original state - meaning cripple.


 


"You choose the wrong people to mess with, Mr. Killian, now you pay the price for that. I'm sure the high court, as well as the President, would love to have a word with you, before they lock you up for a very, very long time."


 


As he said that, a helicopter of the Air Force landed on the oil platform, Rhodey's superior (who had also been in the plane of Air Force One, and who was saved by Tony) came out to support the man, leading him to the aircraft just as Tony yelled at them that he had a way of undoing what it was that they had done to Rhodey.


 


With a mention to JARVIS, the rest of the Suits took off, going back to where they rested on one of the basement floors at the STARK Tower. 


 


Several other soldiers came to take Killian away, before they started working on getting the bodies of those present back to their family, together with the news that these people had been aiding a terrorist all because he gave them their mobility back.


 


Making a call to Pepper, Tony explained what had happened, but that all of them were fine, or were going to be fine, as soon as he managed to extract Extremis from Rhodey. He did however ask her and Remus to look into buying AIM now that Killian was arrested. From what he found they had some interesting ideas that could work with whatever he and Harry thought about in the future.


 


The redhead agreed, and he heard Remus saying the same thing from further away, making both him and Harry happy that they would help people that would be without a job in the next 48 hours, once it was released that Aldrich Killian was the real brain behind the Mandarin.


 


Sighing, he made his way towards the chopper, Wade and Harry at his side. The moment they entered, a tablet was thrust in their hands, the President on the other side, to thank them once again for coming to his rescue. All three of them waved it away, saying they would have done it anyway - for whoever needed it.


 


Which made the President start on explaining he had been looking into SHIELD and other things that had come to light after the invasion in New York, and what he saw didn't comfort him in the least. So he asked Tony and Harry if they would be willing to be his advisors on that, especially as it was no secret both of them did employ, and were friends, with several enhanced.


 


Harry and Tony looked at each other, before nodding, telling the President, they would look into it, and see if any of their friends or acquaintances were interested in becoming a sounding board for the United States, after all, more and more enhanced, superhero, or villain, were coming out of the woodworks and needed a different approach than a baseline human would need.


 


The moment the President thanked them once more, before ending the call, both Harry and Tony had their phones out, texting people around them on what was asked of them and how they would be able to work with this - as it was still a great idea, for all those involved, if enhanced finally got a voice.



Tony hummed as he made his way to the medbay of the army base, holding the cure, or almost cure, for extremis in his hands. With Killian incapacitated and Maya in prison, the people of AIM had legal jurisdiction over everything they had ever made - something they gladly gave to Tony and Harry once they heard they were the reason they still had jobs - only with better benefits this time around.


 


With the original code of extremis, and people who had worked on it before, finding both a cure, and creating a watered down version - which didn't explode on people - was a piece of cake. He did plan on making sure Rhodey had a watered down version in his blood always - if only because he got a feeling they might need it in the future.


 


Nodding to the staff on duty, he approached his best friend on the table, smiling as he presented the tube that would make extremis dormant in his blood.


 


"Sometimes I'm so happy you're a genius, Tones."


 


Tony just grinned, "I'm just happy I had this roommate in MIT that kept with me all through the years. This is the least I could do for you, after everything you did for me, Rhodey."


 


The airman grinned at that, before counting back from 10 as the mask was placed over his face, ready to get rid of this thing they had infected him with, but agreeing with Tony that a watered down version was their best bet after everything that was looming on the horizon.


 


Harry meanwhile, had gone back to NYC, to check in with the family, and to console their adopted son that they were both alright.


 


Harley had gotten quite a scare after both Tony and Harry left late at night, to save Warmachine, and had accidentally seen the footage Killian had spread in an attempt to broadcast the abilities of Extremis.


 


All he ended up doing was show the world that Harry Black and Tony Stark were much more than they appeared to be, even if they used those abilities for the greater good. 


 


Communities all over the world were speculating that the both of them were enhanced, but had hid it, to make sure they had a power base before coming out with that tidbit of information on themselves (quite the achievement, especially with how many cameras Tony had on him ever since he was a child.)


 


But in these rumours flying around, they had accomplished another thing, the enhanced community was trusting them more than they already had. After all, most of them had someone in their family or friend groups that worked at either of their companies, or knew someone that works there and who had all sung praises to their employers.


 


The fact that those same employers now also seemed to be enhanced themselves, spoke to them, and opened lines of communications not possible before. Plus the fact that they seemed to be able to work with Deadpool, who was notorious for being difficult, only added to the bonuses and let other 'outcasts' know that these two wouldn't judge based on appearance, special powers or background.



With that in mind, and with the fact that the president had asked them for help in managing the enhanced community, especially now that they were coming more and more in the open, both of them were more than willing to play the enhanced card if it got them the connections they needed, as well as the people they needed.


 


But back to Harley, the 10 year old had seen the footage, and had feared that his new dads would end up like his mother and sister, triggering a major breakdown, that had Remus calling Harry the moment it happened. 


 


Harry was glad he did, as he didn't want Harley to be traumatised, or more than he already was, because of this. They had gotten the boy out of a toxic environment, no need to get him back into one because they didn't deal with all the PTSD the young boy obviously still had from what happened with his parents and sister.


 


So, they got the number of a psychologist specialising in children, and made an appointment with her, to see what it was they needed to do to support Harley in these troubling times.


 


As soon as he ended the call to Dr. Sweets, he noticed Lady Death standing close to him, grinning at what she most likely foresaw.


 


"A part of me just doesn't want to know, Vanessa."


 


She just grinned, pressed a kiss to his cheek and was off to most likely find Wade. Ever since they found out about her human identity, they could find her around them a lot more. Either with Wade, alone, or just visiting them - happy to not always be donning the mantle of Death around her chosen.


 


It had been a rough couple of weeks since the whole showdown with Killian but they were all home, even Rhodey, and even cured, the man had gotten off a month to rest after everything his body had to go through. Plus it helped when the President of the United States called your bosses to let you have some time off.


 


Harry sighed as he relaxed on the couch, Harley sitting in between him and Tony, cuddling up to the genius, who was talking to his best friend who had taken to staying with them.


 


Harry in the meantime was keeping an eye on Happy, the man had woken up from his coma a week after the whole mess with Killian and was released from the hospital by Christine. The medical staff of the Tower kept an eye on him in the meantime, but apart from broken bones and a lot of bruises, he was fine, and enjoying life with his wife and son.


 


Pepper, after he got home, had another breakdown, she had feared having to say goodbye to him as she had to do to Colin, her first fiance, who had been crushed when a wall fell upon him after spells made it topple over. It had taken days before they had found him, or found his body, which had left a lasting impression of Pepper.


 


Turning the TV on, he blinked once, before looking at the people around him and asking, "I can't be the only one who saw that, right?"


 


The whole room shook their heads, "no you weren't."


 


As they said that, Harry groaned, "but I don't want to go back to England."


 


Pepper stood, "then don't go, I expect Thor to appear here anyway. You all parted on great terms after the invasion, especially since you managed to free Loki from whatever was controlling him."


 


---


 


As the redhead had predicted, Thor and Loki did appear at the tower, not long after everything. Jane Foster and her assistant Darcy in tow, the scientist looking worse to wear.


 


"My friends, I had hoped to be seeing you in better times, but alas."


 


Loki just rolled his eyes, before coming to stand next to Harry, "we need help with something. Ms. Foster appeared to have fused with the reality stone, No idea how she managed to get in touch with it even, but it's the reason why we appeared all over Midgard."


 


Harry hummed, "that makes an awful lot of infinity stones in close range, doesn't it."


 


Loki nodded, "it does, this makes three, between space, mind and reality. Discounting one that should also be here in Midgard if the old texts are right."


 


Harry grumbled, "this can't be a coincidence, I am assuming this means it's all coming to a close. Soon He will be here, for all we know."


 


Tony appeared behind him, wrapping his arms around the taller man and humming, "no thinking dark thought, love. We have the approval of the President to do whatever we think is necessary to deal with anything from enhanced in a humane manner, to any new alien treat.


 


We have that meeting with Charles next week, and if everything goes alright, Erik will be there too, giving us the two greatest groups of the enhanced community here in the US on our side. We can work with this, even if there are infinity stones popping up everywhere."


 


Harry sighed, "I hate it when you're right."


 


Tony just grinned wider, "well then, we should also take this time to establish an alliance with Asgard's princes, to have help of the extra terrestrial kind, should we ever need it. After all, Thor will be king one day, that may be a great start to plans for the future."


 


Harry nodded, "you do have a point, I'll have a talk with Loki about it, seeing as Thor is preoccupied with the kids, and you look like you want to talk to Rhodey."


 


Tony grinned sheepishly, even if Rhodey had been living with them for a week already, neither of them had the time to spend time with each other like they used to do, especially now that Rhodey didn't need to get back to base in a fortnight


 


Harry just shooed his lover away, grinning at Rhodey as the man looked his way, the Brit winking at the airman to let him know to have fun while they went out. He would stay in the apartment, keeping an eye on the kids, while talking to Loki about whatever was going on in the world and how Midgard and Asgard could possibly be of help in the future.


 


Harry found himself perplexed at the knowledge that Loki was reinstated after everything that had happened, and that Odin had believed them when told about the Mad Titan. It had opened communications on what had happened before, and mended old hurts in a way that might not have been the case had it been different.


 


The feeling he got, that he associated with Lady Death, did indeed let him know that it would have gone very differently had he not been there to snap Loki out of whatever spell Thanos or his minions had the God under.


 


"I have it on good authority however that Odin won't be living for much longer."


 


This had Harry blinking, "your mother?"


 


Loki nodded, "Thor doesn't know yet, but she confided in me that his bouts of the Odin sleep have been lasting longer and longer, there will be a time in the distant future when he won't wake up from it."


 


"Does this bother you?"


 


Loki hummed, "a bit, especially since we did mend some old hurts, others won't be able to be mended, but in recent years, he had proven to be the father that I needed. I will miss him, should he pass."


 


Harry patted his hand, "if it's of any comfort I know that Lady Death will make sure he gets to Valhalla. I don't imagine he will go out quietly in his sleep."


 


Loki shook his head, "no I don't see him doing so either, he'll go and find a fight to go out in a blaze of glory rather than pass in the comfort of his bed."


 


Loki looked at his brother, "but with Thor as king, we can start making preparations Odin would never agree with. Not only that, but I don't think he'd ever come to the aid of Midgard, even after everything we told him."


 


Harry sighed, "from what I heard about Odin, he was quite the war monger in his younger years. Even now in peace times, I didn't get the idea that he oversees anything other than Asgard, even if he pretends to rule over the 9 realms."


 


Loki shrugged, "he thinks we're more sophisticated than the other realms, but where we stagnated after the conquering of the other 8 realms, the other realms took the time to evolve in their own ways. It is quite refreshing to see, that it seems only Asgard stagnated, the others did not.


 


If Odin lives long enough, that might just become his downfall. After all, with recent developments, I know Midgard is going to be the centre of whatever alliance you and Tony establish against the Mad Titan, and I for one want to be here to see it."


 


Luckily, with Harry and Tony looking for a solution, they were able to extract the realty stone from Jane without any consequences. And while they were doing that, and keeping her safe in the tower, Thor and Loki were able to go back to Asgard to fight off an invasion of Dark Elves who came looking for the Stone.


 


In doing so, and making sure neither of the Princes were preoccupied, they were able to put a stop to the invading forces, before any real casualties were made.


 


Lady Death had whispered in their ears that protecting Jane was in their best interests, as if she was on Asgard, Queen Frigga would die at the hands of the invading forces, or she had in multiple other universes. She did hold a soft spot for the Queen however, and confided in Tony and Harry how happy she was that the Queen would live a much longer life.


 


Looking at the liquid ether however, had Harry and Tony thinking once more that this amount of Infinity Stones that had crossed their path wasn't just a coincidence. Not only that, but ever since she told them about their significance, and their future, Tony and Harry had been on the lookout for these things, but this made 4 in only a number of years.


 


---


 


Six months passed, without the appearance of an infinity stone, luckily, in which Thor and Loki visited them at the tower, or at least dropped in after the blond went and visited Jane in her SI and MI funded lab in New York.


 


All four of them, with the occasional appearance of Wade, had been brainstorming on what to do with the infinity stones now. The tesseract was safely in the vault back on Asgard, while the mind stone had been given to the collector, an entity in space who was known to be eccentric, but extremely possessive of the things that he was given to collect.


 


All that remained was deciding what to do with the reality stone, as they didn't want to put two Stones too close together, so both Asgard and the Collector wasn't an option. But neither was keeping it on Earth, as there were rumours of a hidden civilisation that took care of the Mind Stone. 


 


They needed a place to hide the stone, which could be on Earth, but far enough that it and the Time Stone wouldn't get in touch with one another.


 


Pepper, who had been visiting, came with the answer; "Gringotts."


 


Harry blinked a few times, before smiling widely, "of course, the goblins would never give it up without a fight, plus, we don't even know if Thanos knows anything about the secret societies that roam the Earth, it would be perfect."


 


Pepper smiled, "I planned on going to England soon anyway, as soon as it's safe to fly with Colin. I can drop it off if you'd like."


 


Harry tilted his head, "you're going to England?"


 


Pepper nodded, "after everything that happened with Killian, it made me realise that family is still important. I will never forgive my mother for what she did, nor do I think I'll be able to forgive my father for standing by her. But he's still my father, so the least I could do is give him a chance to explain himself.


 


And if I don't like what it is he says, I can still just come back and live my life here, without him interfering. But I need to go, and I want to see my siblings again, get a chance to introduce Colin to his aunts, uncles and cousins."


 


Harry nodded, looking around and seeing the others also nodding, agreeing with the plan to store the Reality Stone in a vault at Gringotts, away from the world almost - making it all the harder for Thanos to get to it, when he inevitable arrived, to get to all the stones and use this unreal plan of him to try and get into the good graces of Lady Death (not that he would ever be able to).


 


He would find that his plan on winning her heart was a moot plan, as one - reducing all life in the universe by half was in no way a gift to her, nor was it a way into her heart, even if said heart hadn't already been given away.


 


With that part taken care off, they were ready to prepare for more meetings with either groups they knew that held enhanced - such as the X-men and the Brotherhood, or people who had reached out to them through all kinds of means, to let them know they wanted to help with whatever was going to happen in the future.


 


The invasion of New York just over a year ago, had shown people that they were not alone in the universe, and who was to say people like that weren't going to try again, this was their planet and they planned on being there to protect it.


 


With everything going as smoothly, especially after the first talks with Charles and Erik, closely followed by the Fantastic Four, they had been giving the President great feedback on how their strategy was forming, and how Earth would have a first line of defence, that wasn't SHIELD's Avengers, if such a think reoccurred.


 


Speaking about SHIELD, the IT department, and some reliable ethical hackers had been more than happy to help Tony figure out just what was going on behind the scenes. Especially after what Pepper and Remus found out about SHIELD being drenched in HYDRA, making it difficult to establish where the government organisation ended, and the terrorist organisation began.


 


The more that was uncovered, the more they felt like SHIELD had been a cover for HYDRA all along, which explained why neither Tony, nor Harry, had felt comfortable working with the group (of course not made any easier with the way they treated the both of them, or tried to get an in into either companies, for the soul purpose of keeping an eye on them).


 


With the president, and his advisors, taking care of their emergency plan on an international level, namely by running it by the UN, Tony and Harry were free to make sure they screened everyone who volunteered once word got out they were trying to compile a group of enhanced that would be Earth's first line of defence against something like New York.


 


Even more so, when everyone found out just how the Avengers worked, and how bad their team dynamic was. Half the world having seen how Tony risked his life getting a bomb out of New York, only for the people actually of SHIELD and getting paid for solving crises like this had been sitting on his couch after closing a portal he went through to save them all.


 


---


 


sitting in their shared office in the tower, Tony looked at Harry, his lip worried between his teeth, "do you think everything is alright with Pepper?"


 


Harry hummed and looked up, "I am quite sure she is, love, if not, we would have gotten word. Try not to worry too much."


 


Tony whined, "but I don't know where she is, this is Pepper, Harry! She takes care of everything you don't, I can not live without her, or without you of course."


 


Harry snorted, "I noticed, in fact I think we all noticed, you don't even know your social security number, Pepper and I do, you'd be totally lost without us."


 


Tony just nodded, "I know! Which is why I don't like my best friend being on the other side of the world, in a community that only recently discovered electronics (and really what is up with that) not able to help her should she need it."


 


Harry snorted, "Tones, she's accompanied by her 5 very protective brothers, their families and her own husband, she will be fine!"


 


Tony's pouting was interrupted when there was a knock on the door, revealing HArley on the other side, a small smile on his face.


 


"Hi Kiddo, how was your talk with Dr. Sweets?"


 


Harley shrugged, "it was okay, we had a bit of a group's session with other children from around, to see if we could make friends, giving us someone else close by we can talk to."


 


"Was that what they said?"


 


Harley shook his head, "no, but it's what I and Peter thought up when they paired us together."


 


Harry and Tony looked at each other, before looking at Harley, "Peter?"


 


Their adopted son nodded, "yeah, Peter Parker, he's a kid from Queens, he comes to therapy every other week, to deal with the loss of his parents at a young age. He lives with his aunt and uncle, I think he's my friend?"


 


Harry blinked, "you think he's your friend?"


 


Harley nodded, "he's kind of shy, and I think kids pick on him. But he's really nice and smart! Plus he lives nearby, making it easy to meet up outside of therapy. If that's alright with you guys, if we meet up that is."


 


Harry and Tony grinned at each other again, "they had feared that Harley would only have Teddy to bond with here, as there were no other children close by. However, Teddy attended Xavier's school for gifted youngsters, who wouldn't take Harley - no matter how smart he was - to adhere to their own policies.


 


But Teddy wasn't here all the time, so to hear that the kid had found someone else, who lived close by, who he liked, was a relief. One they were more than open to, to stimulate.


 


"Do you have a phone number of Peter's guardians, then, Haryely? We can call and schedule a meet up outside of Dr. Sweets office."


 


Harley nodded, giving them a piece of paper with a number on it, the handwriting suggested it was most likely written down by Peter's aunt May. Taking the slip of paper, Harry wiped out his phone and dialed the number, being very pleasantly surprised by the woman who picked up the phone, who seemed as relieved as they were that their respectable charge was finding someone to make friends with.


 


She also thanked him for calling, agreeing on a playdate in the park the following week.


 


As Harry told this to Harley, the pre-teen beamed up at his guardians, making Tony and Harry once more glad they had taken the boy away from Rose Hill, where he would never get the same chances he would get here in New York City.


 


---


 


In the IT department of SI, a series of codes were appearing on the internet of all things, when they started to make sense, they called up Tony, asking the genius to come down as soon as possible.


 


Tony, hearing the urgency in the voice of Sylvester, he appeared in the office within a few minutes, taking a seat next to the man and looking over what he was seeing, taking over the keyboard from the man and typing frantically as he tried to override what he was seeing.


 


Managing to put a stop to the uploading, he alerted JARVIS, "J, send out all the suits we can miss, you have a list, start the extraction. Call up Rhodey and have him held, and put out a notification to the members of the still unnamed rescue team, we need to get these people out!"


 


Running back upstairs, he told Harley to go to Remus' apartment, "Harry, we need to get to DC, right now. SHIELD had the great idea of exposing HYDRA along with themselves, I managed to put a stop to the uploading of the data to the internet - but don't know who already saw.


 


Rhodey, the suits and the team are looking into extracting everyone. 


 


We however need to get to DC, to stop 3 helicarriers from falling out of the sky. I don't want to think about the casualties that will bring with it."


 


Harry gaped, but nodded, telling Tony to at least get a suit with him, just in case. As soon as he had that, he apparated them to DC, hoping to find the person responsible for this, how stupid could one get.


 


---


 


Down in DC, a blond, redhead and former army pilot felt a shudder run through them, they ignored it, they had done what was best for the US, nothing else could have been done. HYDRA had to be exposed.


SURPRISE!


Tony cursed as they landed after Harry apparated them, looking around at the sky in DC, seeing three helicarriers descending onto the city, meaning they didn't have a lot of time to slow their descent, so at least the people on the streets had a way to get out of there.


 


Harry had approached the nearest officer and explained they needed to clear the city as soon as they were able, they would do anything in their power to keep these in the air until the ground under them was cleared.


 


As he saw the officer relaying that info to all units around them, Harry gave a sight, "Tones, suit up, see if you can't get people out of here faster, I'll keep these birds from touching the ground."


 


Seeing one of the newer suits stretching out over Tony's body, Harry swallowed thickly before holding out his hands above him. Mumbling the incantation 'aresto momentum' three times and feeling it every time the helicarrier took to the spell and slowed down to a stop.


 


Sweat began piling on his forehead as soon after, all the engines shut off, meaning he was carrying the weight of three carriers with his magic alone, and it was taking its toll. But he would stand firm, Washington DC was one of the largest cities of the USA, he couldn't let these three aircrafts crash - as the number of civilian casualties would be immense.


 


---



Tony meanwhile was helping officers in getting civilians out of the danger zone, carrying several people with the armor, or even picking up a car and flying it out there when it wouldn't start anymore.


 


He knew they needed to work fast. He could see that Harry had managed to stop their descent, but with their engines failing, he knew his lover was the only thing keeping these birds up in the sky. The moment Harry tapped out, they would come tumbling out of the sky anyway.


 


Biting his lip in the privacy of the mask, a notification from JARVIS popped up, letting him know that the internet had been sweeped for all the data from the leak, which had been stored on the SI hard drive, for him, and anyone else to go over. They could decide which information was relevant for the military or the police to see, and which ones could be kept a secret for everyone but themselves and the president, with his counsel.


 


Contrary to what others might think, they wanted a clean operation, and didn't want to use the permission the President had given them, to start doing their own thing, turning into something like SHIELD had turned into - as he didn't doubt that they were behind all this. Which was just a shame, that they had to dig an even deeper hole for themselves after everything that had already happened.


 


Sending a voice message back to JARVIS, to get Remus, and some of their mutual IT guys to start going over the data, categorising it into important, not important and life threatening. Making it easier for him and Harry to figure out what they needed to show the President, and a bunch of other people.


 


He kept turning back to where the helicarriers were still suspended in the air, feeling helpless as he drifted further and further away from where Harry was, if anything went wrong he wouldn't be back there in time to help.


 


A new notification popped up, telling him that Rhodey had gotten the last of the compromised agents out, settling them, and any family they might have, in one of the properties owned by either Tony or Harry - and while Tony had some, even abroad, it was Harry that had a property in almost every country around the world.


 


Rhodey also added that he was on route to DC, to help out in any way he could.


 


---


 


Meanwhile back with Harry, the Brit was starting to feel the weight of these aircrafts pushing down on him, but he wouldn't relent, not with this many lives at risk.


 


What he didn't know however, was that a teen standing nearby had been filming everything, streaming it onto Facebook, where it was quite picked up - even by news outlets and distributed around America.


 


Several groups could only gasp at what was happening, and how one man was making sure that these things weren't falling out of the sky, and keeping what was essentially one of the biggest cities of America safe from all harm that would otherwise befall upon it.


 


But they could also see that it was taking its toll on him, sweat was streaming down his face and neck, his arms bulged with the power he was using, as well with the weight that was no doubt pressing back onto him - he could feel his spells slipping, but wasn't able to renew them, in fear of one of the three getting released from the spell entirely.


 


Widening his stance, he could only hope he would hold out long enough. He could see the Iron Man Armor way down the skyline, knowing that if he let go now, Tony would never make it back in time. And even if he did, the armor wasn't able to keep three helicarriers in the air. He had to do this, he had to make sure they stayed into the air.


 


People all around the United States tried to find a way to get to DC, to help the men that had already proven to do so much for this country and their enhanced community, the least they could do was help out when their country was in need and it seemed Tony Stark and Harry Potter-Black wouldn't be enough.


 


Feeling the one farthest away from his slip from his grasp, Harry gasped, hoping that everyone was cleared out there. 


 


Only for it to never touch the ground and a familiar voice getting through to his mind.


 


"Erik got that one, Harry, if you could let go of the one to the right, Jean, Rouge and I will take over that one."


 


Sighing, he did as asked, feeling the load lighten as he only had to keep one bird up in the sky, the other two getting carried by others that were able to keep it up. Taking a breather, he tapped the communicator that linked him to Tony.


 


"Only holding one bird up now, love, Charles and Erik came, and brought back-up."


 


Tony's chuckle was heard from the other side, "I figured, Kurt, Kitty, Wanda and Pietro showed up here, helping clear the streets and the buildings. I also saw a jet overhead, so those less mobile, like the hospital and nursery home are getting transported out of the way like that."


 


Harry sighed in relief, "do you have an idea how much longer this will take?"


 


Tony hummed, "we should be nearing the end of the danger zone, so give us about 10 more minutes, before putting these birds down gently."


 


Harry laughed, "will do."


 


Reaching out with his mind, he found the connection with Charles again, and relayed the message to the telepath, trusting him to tell Erik, Rogue and Jean the same thing.


 


10 minutes passed, meaning they all maneuvered the birds towards an open space, be it a street, or a park, or even a sports field, and put them down. Keeping the doors locked to be able to apprehend and question each and every person on board - HYDRA personnel wouldn't stand a chance at escaping, and SHIELD personnel would probably be happy to know that their colleagues and family were safe and sound.


 


Looking around though, as soon as they had landed the aircrafts, Harry couldn't help but roll his eyes at Stars and Stripes, Romanov, and an unknown man making their way towards him. The blond at the front with a grim look on his face.


 


"Potter, what are you doing here? We had this under control."


 


Harry blinked, "control? You call three birds falling out of the sky, on top of one of the largest cities of the US, under control? Don't make me laugh, Rogers, you just want the credit that isn't due to you."


 


He could hear the other's teeth grind as he bit down, "these planes all have HYDRA personnel on them, who cares if they die!?"


 


Harry blinked again, "seriously, Rogers, even if that is so, there is such a thing as blackmail, or coercion, meaning not all of these men and women are doing this willingly. Plus there was still a whole city beneath them, or don't you care about civilian casualties?"


 


He could see the blond opening his mouth again, only for Romanov to slap her hand in front of it, a sweet smile in her lips, looking around, prompting Harry to do the same, seeing multiple people standing there, horror on their faces, as they hold their phones out - no doubt having recorded what Captain America had said, and insinuated.



Rogers seemed to be seeing the same thing as his cheeks turned red in embarrassment, the man with them however, was looking at something in the sky. 


 


Harry looked up too, and was happy to see Tony and Rhodey touching down. Both men exiting their suits, and making their way to Harry at a brisk pace. Both of them looked at the unidentified man next to Romanov.


 


"Airman Wilson, last I checked you were ordered to turn in those wings when you resigned at the airforce. Repurposing them for your own gain is a felony, not to mention, theft of those attributes from a Stark Industries facility."


 


The man, Wilson, seemed properly chassied, looking down with a look in his eyes that told them all that he was slowly coming to terms with what he did. Theft alone was a charge, especially if Tony Stark was involved, and repurposing airman material after he resigned was against regulations and would get him court martialed.


 


Rogers on the other hand, didn't seem to get this, as the moment Romanov removed her hand, he started a monologue of how they were doing all this for the greater good. Forgetting once again that cameras were pointing at him. All the while he insinuated, that his way had been the best, they had done what was best for the American people (even if Harry and Tony hadn't interfered a lot of civilian lives would have been lost) and berating them for telling Sam off like that, when he was only doing what was just.


 


Tony and Rhodey snorted, looked at each other, before looking back at the man, "and you actually believe that? No one is above the law, Rogers, not even someone who follows your every move. In the 40s behavior like this might be tolerated, as war lets people make different decisions.


 


Now, on the other hand, all three of you can expect a court martial, as well as a law suit from the people who might have died here because of your reckless behavior, and the people we went out of out way to rescue after you were stupid enough to upload all the information on SHIELD servers online."


 


Turning to Romanov, Tony adds, "Clint says hi by the way, and asks me to tell you he will shoot you the next time you come close to his family again. They're all fine by the way, no thanks to you."


 


With that he turns away, as army officers rush to apprehend Rogers, Wilson and Romanov, before asking Erik to kindly open the door for them, so they could get to every person inside the aircrafts and take them away one by one. It would be quite the assignment, but after everything that happened, they needed to make sure there were no agents that slipped the nets and restarted HYDRA elsewhere.


 


As soon as that was over, Tony reached out and caught Harry as his legs gave out, "I think I overdid it a bit."


 


Making the genius snort, "you think? J, take the suits home will you? Rhodey and I are going to make sure Harry doesn't overexert himself."



Both men waited until their suits turned on and deployed back towards the Stark Tower, before wrapping Harry's arms around their shoulder and leading them towards the X-men and Magneto, asking Jean to check out the Brit, who was looking more exhausted by the minute.


 


The last thing he heard was Jean proclaiming he was just tired, to let him rest. They'd give them a ride home with the Jet.



Clint had no idea what was happening, one moment he was on the farm having lunch with his family. The next, an armed vehicle was making its way on his property, the gear it carried letting the archer know it wasn't here for any talks.


 


Swallowing thickly, he looked at Laura, his wife ex-SHIELD agent that she had recognized, exchanging terrified looks as they looked over their two children, not knowing what it was they could do right now.


 


The only way off, that they could take with two children, was to bring them right past the vehicle that was stationed there, the moment it saw movement, it would shoot.


 


Biting his lip, he went and stood at the window, glancing out every few minutes, secretly happy that the people inside hadn't fired yet. Although he had no idea what they were waiting for.


 


When it began shooting however he hit the ground, pulling Lila, who had been standing next to him down too, holding her against his chest even if he knew that if the bullets penetrated the house there wouldn't be a lot he could do to protect her.


 


In the kitchen, Laura had done the same with Cooper, their eyes met, thinking that this would be the last moment they had as a family. When the shooting stopped, topped off with one huge explosion - before the roof collapsed and Iron Man flew in.


 


Clint blinked, "Tony?"


 


The suit looked at him, before the voice of JARVIS came out, "I'm afraid not Mr. Barton, Sir is busy controlling the situation in DC, Colonel Rhodes and I are extracting all the compromised agents, with the leak of data on the internet."


 


"A Data leak? Just like that?"


 


The suit's head nodded, "someone found it necessary to release all of SHIELD's data onto the internet, to make people aware that HYDRA had infiltrated and was taking over. Those same people seemed to be of the opinion that crashing three helicarriers on downtown DC would be a great idea too - that's the situation Sir and Mr. Potter are dealing with right now."


 


Clint could only gape, before he sneered, "Romanov."


 


Laura blinked, "what does Nat have to do with all this."


 


Clint sighed, "she called me a few days ago, asking me if I didn't feel up to take part in one last mission, to lay out all the dirty secrets to the world. I thought she meant something with whatever political scheme that was going on. I never expected this to happen, least of all from her."


 


Looking at JARVIS, he asked, "what about the others, for there are more retired agents like me, as well as some who are very deeply undercover."


 


JARVIS didn't answer immediately, "I can not say at this moment, there are too many variables, but for now the statistics show that over 90% of those who were on file are safe, or are being saved as we speak."


 


Clint clenched his hand, thinking about all those that won't be making it out of this situation alive, all because of whatever Romanov, and maybe Rogers, had gotten into their heads. He had chosen to retire after New York, for the soul purpose of not being around the blond any longer than necessary. And he was proven right, right now, seeing as he and Nat were willing to kill off a lot of SHIELD's personnel, and for what.


 


"Hey JARVIS, can you get a message to Tony?"


 


The head nodded again, "tell him I never want to see Romanov again, and for her to stay away from my family after everything is done."


 


JARVIS confirmed, and let the archer know when Tony received the message, "Sir is asking me to bring you to New York, if you and your wife agree. There are still several more apartments in the tower that are not being used, so you'd be able to settle there. But he'd also like someone he at least knows in passing to help him sort through all the mess that is being left behind."


 


Looking at Laura, his wife nodded, before she rushed upstairs to pack them essentials before they got out of there.


 


JARVIS meanwhile told them he'd guard them until they arrived at a quinjet not too far from here, who would bring them to New York.


 


---


 


Harry, Tony and Rhodey sighed as they were finally released from FBI custody. The three of them had recounted everything they had done, found and assumed - as well as given the head of investigations the details of what they had been allowed to do by the president.


 


No consequences would befall them, not like Romanov, Rogers and Wilson, seeing as those three had acted without any proper orders. Even if they tried to let everyone know Nick Fury had asked this of them.


 


Only for the Feds to tell them that according to them, Nick Fury was dead because of a suicide bombing. 


 


Harry and Tony however, doubted the man was actually dead, and might have told them to expose HYDRA, but even if they didn't like the man, they refused to believe he would have wanted the majority of his agents killed or compromised - in the way that Romanov had done.


 


Tony and Rhodey would take back the suits to New York, while Harry would get a ride back with the X-men, and Erik, who had all been questioned as well. But were able to show the right amount of paperwork, that they were members of whatever team Harry and Tony were putting together. As such, after asking for their accounts of what happened, they were all free to go.


 


Harry sighed as he took a seat in the jet, groaning as his back started to hurt from all the tension it had, holding up 3 large aircrafts wasn't an easy feat, not even for someone like him.


 


Erik was looking at him, from where the man was sitting next to him, "you are quite extraordinary, Lord Potter."


 


Harry just hummed, "I've been told that before, but what makes you say it."


 


Erik tilted his head, "because you caught those birds without any regard to your own safety. Had people not known who you were, both because of your company or your relationship with Dr. Stark, they might have begun shooting at you."


 


Harry shrugged, "lives through more, so I'm sure I'll be fine."


 


Erik sighed, "still, you also allowed our help the moment we arrived, I had not expected that."


 


Harry opened his closed eyes to look at the enhanced next to him, "and why is that?"


 


Kurt was the one who answered, "because most people didn't trust us before, but now, with the superheroes going around, and you and Dr. Stark letting the world know you are enhanced too, the people are changing their views."


 


Most of the enhanced with them nodded, all of them most likely having experienced the stigma of being an enhanced, especially Kurt - who didn't look human with his almost devil like appearance, blue skin and hair and bright yellow eyes.


 


Harry shrugged again, "this is your world too, and after New York and the invasion of it, we're going to need everyone who is willing and capable to be ready."


 


Charles hummed, "you've been telling us that for a while now. Any particular reason?"


 


Harry sighed, "because Tony saw a whole armade in space, when he went through the wormhole. It isn't the question of if we're going to be invaded again, but when - we discussed this with the president, and he gave us leave to start looking for a way to if not prevent it, at least to prepare for it.


 


We're well aware there are a lot of enhanced out there, some in hiding, and some maybe not even knowing what it is they are. Or like certain of us, not yet reaching that potential to unleash it. If we can assure those people that being different is alright, and they aren't the only ones in the world. And showing others that enhanced aren't always the villains, we're working towards a very different society then the one it was before."


 


The rest of the flight, they changed the topic to more pleasant subject, such as how Teddy was doing in the school, and how all the children were adapting to being in a school of mutants, instead of a normal high school, were there would have been complications in the long run (as normal teachers weren't equipped in dealing with enhanced students).


 


---


 


Once back in the tower, and after saying their goodbyes to the X-men, and parts of the Brotherhood, promising to come by again soon for tea. Harry and Tony just let out one big sigh.


 


"How did we do?"


 


Tony grimaced, "retrieval of 95% of the people mentioned in the files, with them being undercover, stationed somewhere or retired. 5% were retrieved in a body bag.


 


Of the active personnel it would seem that only about 15% of them was an active and willing HYDRA operative, with the others either having no idea, or being blackmailed or coerced into doing what they did. The feds are taking over that part, going through every one of the people on those carriers and making the call if they were HYDRA, and if so, willingly, or if they were just not aware of what was happening."


 


As Harry opened his mouth, Vanesse walked in, accompanied by Wade, a sad smile on her face, "they are all with me, and at peace now. Their passing wasn't pleasant, but I was able to keep their suffering to a minimum."


 


Wade however pressed himself against Harry's side, the two of them at the same height, "I'm hurt you didn't ask for my help, Harrikins."


 


Harry rolled his eyes, "that's because we needed all of those involved to live to interrogation Wade, plus, as far as I know you don't have a mutation that would have helped us evac civilians, or helped me keep 3 birds up in the air."


 


The mercenary pouted, "still could have helped."


 


Snorting, Tony, Harry and Vanessa looked up as Rhodey made a questionable sound, before pointing towards all of them. "What is going on here?"


 


Tony winced, "remember what I told you about Death, and how Merchant of Death is a title thing, that means I am one of her favourites?"


 


Rhodey nodded, "Harry and Wade are the other two I mentioned, while Vanesse here is Death's human persona."


 


Rhodey gaped at all of them, not really knowing how to respond to all of this. Which was understandable, you weren't in the room with a primordial being everyday - or at least not that you knew off. Accompanied by said primordial being's 3 favourites.


 


Before anything else could be said, Remus walked into the room, closely followed by Silvester - who was Tony's main IT guy, and Clint - the archer had been going over the date from the leak, to help determine which was important and which wasn't.


 


Remus nodded to all of them, before turning to Tony, "I need you to sit down before I show you anything."


 


The genius did as asked, having experienced that as long as he made Harry happy and didn't break his heart, Remus would treat him like another nephew. So for the werewolf to say something like this, meant it was serious.


 


Sitting down, Remus took the tablet from Sylvester, giving it to Tony before pressing the play button. Rhodey and Harry stood right behind Tony, looking with him at the clip from over his shoulder. The way the genius froze when the first footage showed a car on a rather desolate road, told them this wasn't anything good.


 


"I know that road, and I know that car."


 


What followed was a clip that showed that Howard and Maria Stark weren't killed in a car crash because of Howard's drunk driving, but that they were murdered.


 


Their murderer looked right into the camera, most likely a hit ordered by HYDRA then.


 


"Do we know who he is?"


 


Remus and Clint exchanged looks, "we do. He's the myth that is the Winter Soldier. HYDRA's top assassin, who pops up in history and vanishes just as quickly, almost like a ghost. As we have such a good picture of his face - even if it was covered - made us ran a facial recognition scan, we had a 92% match."


 


Tony nodded, "who is it?"


 


JARVIS answered, "my scan showed that the entity known as the Winter Soldier has a 92% match with the person known as Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes, presumed KIA in the second World War."


 


As soon as the name was announced, Rhodey and Harry had their hands full with calming Tony down. The genius, as both were well aware, had been a huge Bucky fan, more so than Captain America.  Something that was only amplified after meeting the man  and finding nothing like how Howard had described him.


 


Now, finding out that it had been Bucky who had murdered his parents, had murdered his mother, was becoming too much.


 


One childhood idol had already shown himself to be nothing like he had been depicted, but to have another one show up in such a way was devastating.


 


After getting the man to calm down, Remus and Clint looked at each other, before turning back to Tony.


 


"We were able to get through all of the data, some of it was posted online - such as the reports which HYDRA had over which events in history were by their hand.


 


Others are waiting for you, and the president, to go through and decide what will happen with it."


 


Wetting their lips, both men looked at Tony, before Remus added, "he didn't know what he was doing, Tony. We found reports about the Winter Soldier and all the things that made him go through before they had their perfect little weapon. If anything Barnes is as much a victim in all of this than you are."


 


Tony nodded, his eyes still downcast, "I figured. Still, finding out your childhood idol has been a prisoner of war for the last 75 years, and has been brainwashed into his killing machine hurts."


 


Everyone around him nodded, feeling the same way, even without growing up with stories about Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes. The names however were known by almost everyone, and brought back the joy of victory, and the pain of all those lost to secure that victory.


 


Rhodey hummed, "now what do we do?"


 


"We got an appointment with the president to have him review all the data we found. We bring the feds up to date with the facts we found, as well as the multiple cases now being opened against Romanov and Roger's, as I assume all the former agents know exactly who was behind all this."


 


As he said this, Harry looked at Clint, to see the archer nodding. Even in the case he and his wife told, the Brit found that he didn't care, they had dug this hole, so they could lie in it.


 


"Beyond that, we try to find out where Barnes is, as I think it's high time the man was allowed to come home. Once here, we can go and find specialised people who can break the conditioning they put him under. Maybe ask Jean or Charles for advice and help."


 


With that decided, Clint and Remus left the penthouse again, somewhat feeling guilty for the pain they had caused the man who had been so kind to both of them. They knew this wasn't something that could have been avoided, but it still stringed to see the normally strong man reduced to such a state. Not that they blamed him, to find out his parents hadn't died in a car crash, but had been murdered on HYDRA 's orders.


 


Back in the penthouse, Tony laid down on the couch, his head on Harry's lap, while Rhodey kept standing behind the couch. Both of them exchanged looks the moment Tony covered his eyes with his hands. Their looks held the same anger for the man in their midst, for everything he had to go through and for everything SHIELD or HYDRA was trying to cover up, or had covered up.


 


"Tony, love, want to talk to us?"


 


Tha man in question sighed, rubbing his hands once more over his eyes, "not really, but I know I'll regret it if I don't."


 


Harry hummed as he ran his hand through his lover's hair, feeling the older man relax under his ministrations. 


 


"Hey, Rhodey, what would the army do to, or for, Barnes the moment he comes back to America?"


 


The airman hummed, "treat him like any other POW, I suppose, only that he would be the longest one in history. He won't be drafted or called on anymore and I'm sure that they would pay for any treatment he'd need after all of this."


 


Harry nodded, "we might need that, if we do find him. Just so the president or the army doesn't think we're doing this for some kind of gain. Other than helping the poor man."


 


Rhodey hummed, "I'll try and ask around, see what the possible solutions would be as we retrieve Barnes, as I do think you and Tony will be focusing on that?"


 


Harry nodded, "kind of have to, after everything he's been through, it would be a mess and a half if someone else snatches him up, just to use him again. If anything he deserves to be free of everyone trying to control him. With the contact we have, I think we'll be able to find someone willing and capable of doing so."


 


Hearing a soft snore, the both of them looked down and smiled, seeing as Tony had fallen asleep, probably for the best, so he could catch up on sleep that would most likely evade him the few coming days as his mind would bring up what he'd seen today. 


 


Harry sighed, sometimes he hated the way Tony's mind worked, and the way it made sure his PTSD played up, so he couldn't sleep, would be much less energetic, and at least that was the case after New York, he wouldn't have an appetite.


 


Feeling a hand on his shoulder, he looked at his lover's best friend standing there, "you keep an eye on him, Harry? And keep me posted on anything that happens, alright?"


 


The Brit just nodded, feeling Rhodey pinch his shoulder, before his footsteps carried him to the elevator, and into it as it went downwards so the man could make his way home. Harry sighed, before turning as the elevator dinged again, showing Harley coming up from where he had been staying with Teddy.


 


"Hey Kiddo, did you have fun with Teddy?"


 


Harley just beamed up at him, nodding his head, making Harry feel glad that their adopted son and his godson got along so well. He also had high hopes for the play date they had planned with this Peter boy Harley knew from therapy. Hopefully they would get along great too, giving Harley another friend for when Teddy was up state at Xavier's institute.


 


Mentioning the boy to come closer, he felt Harley snuggling into his side, mindful of Tony who was still asleep.


 


"Are you both okay?"


 


Harry hummed and looked down at the pre-teen resting against his side, tracing figures on his leg.


 


"We are, neither of us was really hurt in what happened, but we got some disturbing news after we got back, and Tony is having a hard time dealing with it. So, he's sleeping to stop himself from worrying."


 


When he didn't get any response from the boy, he looked down and saw tears running down his face, making him move and sadly wake Tony, the genius looking up bleary eyes, which cleared the moment he saw the tears running down Harley's face.


 


"Hey sport, what's going on?"


 


Instead of answering, Harley threw himself at Tony, hugging the man tightly around his waist and hiding his side. the genius looked at Harry who shrugged, resulting in the man just running his hands over the kid's hair.


 


"Harley, can you tell me what's wrong?"


 


In between sobs they could make out; "don't want to lose you too."


 


Tony sighed, "Harls, you're not going to lose us, we're both way too stubborn to die. I promise we'll be here to annoy you for a long, long time to come, alright?"


 


Harley wiped at his eyes, "but Teddy said that Harry always got into all sorts of trouble, and that even uncle Remus jokes that this is one thing that would never stop. What if it kills you one of these days."


 


Harry and Tony exchanged glances over Harley's head, "Harley, we're fine, and we're going to be fine, no matter what happens alright, believe in that, we will always be able to come back to you and you'll always have a family here."


 


The kid nodded his head, even if both Harry and Tony didn't believe he actually believed them when they told him. Looking at their lover, they decided to seek out Vanessa soon, to see if there were certain things they could tell to others. After all, the Lupin-Tonks family knew, as did Pepper and Rhodey, but other than that, neither had told anyone else.


 


Maybe it was time to think about approaching that too, to be able to comfort people with the knowledge that no matter what would happen in the future, Tony and Harry would be alright until such a time they both decided to pass on, and not one moment sooner.


 


---


 


In the back streets of Romania, the Soldier didn't know what he could do to make it all better. Before he had handlers, and while he never liked any of them, they were able to take the worries away and let the Soldier sleep, make sure he had everything he needed, be it for hygiene, or the next mission.


 


But now, ever since HYDRA fell, and took his handlers with it, and ever since he had met the blond man in Washington DC, it felt like another personality was trying to force its way through. He couldn't let that happen, the Soldier would stay here and try to make the best out of it, but having too many voices in his head would only make it more difficult to stay under the radar. Which was what he needed to do right now.


 


He needed to find out what was going on, what had happened and what needed to be done to make it all better. But he would do that if all the voices in his head kept on whispering things, and making it difficult to concentrate.


 


Whining he pulled at his long hair, wishing for once that he would be put back on ice, if only for the reason that it stopped the voices in his head. He needed to stop the voices in his head.


 


He hated that the blond he had met, the blond who had called him Bucky, had gotten multiple voices to speak again, just when they had fallen quiet. He seemed to recognize part of the Soldier, but going by what he observed, it was a part that was long gone and forgotten.


 


---


 


In one of the holding cells of the FBI building, Steve couldn't believe this was how it was all turning out in the end. All he had done was make sure HYDRA couldn't keep control like they had been doing ever since he went into the ice.


 


Not only that, but he found out that Bucky was still alive, maybe a bit lost, but he was still alive, and he needed Steve there to help guide him. Because who knows what he will get up to without him.


 


But worst of all, they - Nat, Sam and he - did all the hard work, but Potter-Black and Stark get all the credit, which wasn't even remotely fair. Not only that, but the moment they found out what HYDRA had made Bucky do, they would hunt him down and kill him.


 


He just knew it, he knew what kind of people they were, Potter-Black and Stark that was, they were rich, never had to work for anything in their lives and threw money at everything that didn' go their way. He couldn't let the both of them do whatever it was they wanted to do, least of all when it concerned Bucky.


 


What Steve didn't know was that Sam had been willing to issue a statement which didn't paint Steve in a bright light. Nor did he know that the FBI were monitoring his cell and they could read his lips - as he kept on mumbling everything he was thinking - and for him to think he had to stop Potter-Black and Stark with something, didn't feel right to the people watching the monitoring screen, especially when it had been those people that had saved all of DC, while the man in the cell had been happy to drop three helicarriers on the city.


 


They decided to consult a psychologist and see what was said, as it seemed that Steve Rogers, the famed Captain America was a danger to others.



After Harley's confession they all decided to just enjoy some time as a family, asking JARVIS to put on a movie so they could have some time not to worry about what was to come and how they would deal with it.


 


Plus, they had a kid to worry about. A young teen who had lost his mother and sister recently, but who had also been adopted by the most danger prone couple in the world. And for all that they said they'd always come back, the main reason they could promise that, was because they knew neither of them could die.


 


Not unless they specifically asked Vanessa, or Lady Death to take their souls, which wasn't anything they planned on doing anytime soon. Not while so many people here needed them, nor when they knew what would be coming soon.


 


During the second Lord of the Rings Movie, Harley had fallen asleep, with Tony soon following. Harley because he was just exhausted, while Tony had been able to shut his brain down by just watching a cinematic masterpiece, which had calmed him enough to be able to sleep.


 


Asking JARVIS to turn off the TV, Harry made sure to put Harley to bed first, before coming back and picking Tony up to get to their own bed. The genius groaned a little bit, but just turned his face into Harry's neck, making himself comfortable and snoring lightly.


 


Putting him down on the bed, Harry was glad they had both already been in relaxing clothes, so sleeping in them wasn't that much of a problem. Pulling Tony towards him once he also settled down into the bed, Harry smiled softly at his lover, before glancing at the bedside cabinet and the velvet box that was in it.


 


He had gotten the ring inside make from a piece of armour from the mark II, as a way to symbolise the new Tony Stark, he had also infused it with magic, and had gotten Vanessa to get him a gem not found on Earth to lay into it.


 


Now, he was no jewelry forger, but that didn't take away the fact that he had gathered the materials and asked the Goblins to forge it for him. As soon as they had some time to themselves, he would pop the question, but for now he would enjoy sharing the bed with his lover at his side.


 


---


 


Tony woke up from a nightmare which showed him the road his parents had died on, had been killed on, before his own memories took over. The anger he had felt at Howard for drunk driving, or what he had been told back then. The grief about losing his mother, and the feeling of loss he had felt soon after, now that he didn't have his parents here anymore.


 


Wiping at the tears on his cheeks, he sighed, and turned, seeing Harry laying with his face towards him, a slight smile on his face. Smiling softly, he looked at the dresser that held his treasure, a ring made from some scraps he had found from one of their first mutual project, overlaid with Starkanium, it was the perfect ring for the man that had found him when he didn't know he wanted to be found, and who had been there for everything that had happened in his life that led to him becoming the man he was today.


 


Even the news he had heard tonight wouldn't take that away from him. But he knew that HYDRA had been behind the hit, not Barnes, especially not with how many people described him. In fact, he believed, truly, that Barnes was their worst victim.


 


But he'd need some time to get over his Mother's dying moments, to stop hearing his father plead for her life, and soon after his own. He would never forget, but he wouldn't take that out on Barnes.


 


Sighing, he rolled over, got up for a moment, and went to check up on Harley, the kid had kicked off his blankets in his sleep, but he was still sleeping soundly, without any nightmares as he had been prone to the first few nights in the tower.


 


It had been those that had made them sit the boy down to talk about seeing a therapist to deal with all the things that had happened to him. 


 


Dr. Sweets was an amazing child therapist, and the progress Harley showed was testament of that. The fact that the Doctor held group sessions with kids of the same age was also something that they liked, as it would seem that Harley would get a friend out of it.


 


He grinned, he didn't know who looked forward to meeting Peter Parker more, he and Harry, or Harley - even if the kid already knew him. Meeting outside of therapy had to be different too. But the boy's aunt sounded like a very nice, if slightly overworked woman, who loved her nephew to bits.


 


Tomorrow would be a great day, he was sure of it.


 


---


 


Harry woke up without Tony next to him, getting up, he found his lover leaning against the door to Harley's room, looking on as their adoptive son slept.


 


"Tones, it's late, what are you doing up?"


 


Tony hummed, "nightmare, wanted to check on the kid, he was really worried he'd be losing us too."


 


Harry approached and wrapped his arms around the other's waist, "which is totally normal, he just lost his mother and sister, of course he'd be scared to lose us too. For all that he knows, we just won't come back home one day. Which honestly isn't that wrong of a thought, we just have a little bit of added protection on that department."


 


Tony nodded, "still, I want to do something for him, to let him know that we care and we don't scare him every time we go out, or have to step up as a member of the task force."


 


Harry nodded, "maybe some kind of beeper, but like a wrist watch, so he can beep one of us and talk to us, whenever he thinks something happens or is happening, to comfort him that we're both just fine."


 


As he said this, he could almost see the numbers running around behind Tony's eyes. To have a genius as a lover.


 


Pushing the other man in the direction of his lab, Harry grinned, "go on, we both know you won't be able to find peace unless you figure this out."


 


Tony looked sheepishly, but went on his tiptoes to press a kiss to Harry's lips, "love you."


 


Harry grinned, "love you too, wake me up when you need anything."


 


Tony hummed, already lost in the calculations in his head, making his way to the lab.


 


"JARVIS, do wake me up if something were to happen, or when Tony needs me, will you."


 


The Ai's voice whispered through the hallway, "of course, sir."


 


Nodding to himself, Harry turned and made his way back to bed. tony might be able to function with only a few hours of sleep, but he wasn't capable of that. Before going back to sleep he made sure to text Rhodey.


 



Gave him a new project to concentrate on. Had a nightmare, but didn't hide it. Will keep you posted.



 


He didn't get any reply, but he didn't expect one right away. After all, Rhodey slept like the dead once home, or at base, so didn't wake up by something vibrating on his bedside table.


 


Snuggling under the blankets, he made a mental node to start contacting people that might be able to help Sergeant Barnes, and who they could ask to help them look for the man. He was well aware JARVIS was scouting for the man using the internet, but that still meant they would need to approach the man and if he wasn't able to turn off the Soldier, they might get into a lot of trouble.


 


But those were worries for tomorrow, first thing would be the weekend they had planned with the playdate in Central Park with May, Ben and Peter Parker. Who he was very looking forward to meeting.


 


Closing his eyes, he was happy that their adoptive son was getting along so well with both of them, and adapting to all of the changes in his life. 


 


---


 


Tony spend the majority of the night bend over his work bench drawing up schematics of something like a beeper to worn on the wrist, which would let children call their parents, or the selective numbers programmed into it when they were afraid, needed to talk to their parents or guardians, or when they had something like a panic attack and needed someone to calm them down.


 


While it would help Harley immensely, he was sure of it, he also knew that more children could profit from this. And if he made it available and accessible for people of all classes, he was sure it would also have a positive effect on other things.


 


Stopping with the prototype, he sat back and looked it over, it seemed to be in order. He'd send it down to R&D to let someone else check it over, as he was sleep deprived and on edge right now, so he might be overlooking some things.


 


Closing off the tablet, he made his way back to their bedroom, slotting himself into Harry's bag from where the Brit was laying in their bed, a slight groan coming from him, before snores were all that he heard from the wizard.


 


Closing his eyes, he let sleep carry him away, well aware that ever since the Brit joined his bed, he'd had a lot more peaceful nights. It was almost as if the man had a very calming effect on those around him.


 


---


 


The next morning was paired with a very lazy morning, all three males of the Stark-Potter household had slept in late, so were enjoying a brunch at 11 AM. They had plans on getting freshened up and dressed before heading to Central Park.


 


Harley and Tony were discussing the plans Tony had gotten back from an overachiever at the R&D department who had still been at work when the plans were sent through. The young man had looked them over and hadn't been able to find even one flaw in the designs. Which meant production of the prototypes would begin in the coming weeks.


 


Tony had explained to Harley what it would do, and to get a children's view on what else needed to be added to make it more child friendly, and to be sure that everything that it needed was on it.


 


Harry just enjoyed his cup of tea while looking at the boys in his life, both of them adorable in their geeking out over the tech SI made. He was sure that once Harley became old enough the boy would enter the apprentice ship both SI and MI offered, just to be able to contribute to his guardians' companies, and to make the world a little better.


 


Getting a text, he was very happy to notice it was from Carol, who he had met the first day in the USA. She had won the case against her ex-husband, had been able to recuperate all the money he had embezzled from the company, and was now living the good life, with a job that paid well, and let her have time to spend with her children, who she had full custody off.


 


Mr. Abernathy on the other hand, was broke, lived in a run down apartment and had tried to get back in his ex-wife good graces in the hopes of getting money off of her. But Harry had made sure her lawyer got her the best deal, and with him owing her alimony, she didn't have to pay him a single dime.



The playdate in the park went exactly as they had hoped it would go, from the looks of the kids, and the other couple, they too had hoped it would go well.


 


The Stark-Black family had woken up with some time to spare, Harry very pleasantly surprised to have Tony laying next to him, seeing as he knew the older man had gone to his lab somewhere through the night.


 


But they used this time to cuddle a bit, and to just enjoy this time spent together. Until Harley came storming into their room, a huge grin on his face, jumping on the bed and hesitating just a bit, until they made room for their adoptive son in between them.


 


Just laying there for a moment, Harley began telling about how much he had looked forward to this day, to have a new friend to play with. Even if he had Teddy, but the slightly older boy was always at Xavier's institute through the week, and wouldn't always be there for him to talk or play with.


 


Hopefully having Peter as a friend would change that and give him something from the outside who would want to be his friend, giving him one more person to bond with. As with Teddy, most of the adults feared Harley becoming an adult too soon, with all the adults he hung around with.


 


Secretly they were also hoping that meeting Peter Parker could hold that off for a moment still. After all, pre-teens shouldn't be so grown up already. They should be enjoying their life, preparing for middle school, spending time with their friends and finding hobbies or other things to do that they like doing.


 


Harley however seemed to have missed most of that, first because his father left and his mother had to work 3 jobs to be able to keep a roof over their head, forcing him to grow up and look after his sister.


 


Now, it was in part because being a grown up was all that the kid had already known, and except for Teddy, he was around adults 24/7 instead of other children, which didn't help the situation any.


 


Today, this meeting with Peter gave them hope, as the sessions with Dr. Sweets had been helping Harley a lot, and they could see just how much it helped to be in these group sessions too. Maybe having a friend that also had some issues to work through there for when Teddy was away, would actually help him and take his mind off of everything his new parents did for a living.


 


It didn't make it any easier for Harry and Tony, knowing that their adoptive son had issues with people leaving him, which was logical after everything he had already been through, but wanting to do their share in improving the world. Something which they had already started doing ever since Tony became Iron Man.


 


Making their way to Central Park was accompanied by a very happy 10 year old, who was bouncing around the two of them like a happy little bouncy ball. It was cute to see Harley acting his age for once - before he'd only do that when Teddy was around, and even then, seeing as Teddy's a year older, he kept acting like that.


 


Out of the corner of their eyes they could see people looking at them, some even pulling out their phone and taking a picture, something which made Tony grit his teeth - mostly because it was a picture with Haryley in it.


 


After growing up in the spotlight, Tony had promised himself to never let any children he had, biological or otherwise, would be put in the same spot; where privacy was a long forgotten subject.


 


Harry hushed him, tightening his hold on the other man's hand as they made their way towards the park.


 


"It's just a picture, love."


 


"I know that, but those pictures will appear online and then what. I don't want Haryley to grow up under the constant spotlight, like I did. Not only that, but I fear it will all become too much, and then what?"


 


Harry shrugged, "if it ever comes to that, we'll figure it out. But for now, there isn't a lot we can do about people taking pictures, we're public figures, and as long as they just stick with pictures I'm sure we can manage."


 


Tony hummed, "I'm suing the moment they haunt us, or start haunting them though."


 


Harry chuckled, pressing a kiss to Tony's temple, "I didn't expect anything less."


 


Tony grinned, "you know me so well, Merlin, thank god for that, and thank god for you."


 


Harry snorted, "don't tell me you're going to start becoming emotional, now. We already knew this was meant to be, and I don't plan on going anywhere."


 


"I know you aren't, Merlin, but that doesn't take away that after everything we've been through, and that we found out, that I can count on you for all of this. That you're here for me on every day - the good and the bad."


 


Harry blinked, "Tony..."


 


The genius shook his head, before reaching in his pocket and kneeling in front of the other man at the entrance of the park. Harley stopped and grinning at the sight, before taking out his own phone and recording this moment.


 


"Harry James Potter-Black, you've been in my life for 6 years now, and why I didn't do this sooner I don't know. But you're always there for me, on my lowest point and on my highest one, always. I couldn't imagine a life without you in it, and I don't want to either.


 


So, will you marry me?"



Harry sniffled, before reaching in his pocket to get out a similar box, "only if I can get the same answer from you, Anthony Edward Stark."


 


Tony grinned, "you know I will."


 


Harry laughed, "then yes, I will marry you!"


 


Tony stood and placed the ring on Harry's finger, before holding out his hand and letting the Brit do the same thing to him, both of them taking a moment to stare at the ring their partner, their fiance, had gotten them. 


 


Harley barreled into them in the next moment, "you guys sure pick the best moments to do stuff like that! But it was beautiful too, want me to send you the video?"


 


Both of them nodded and had to smile at the clip that was sent to them from, well, sent to Tony, Harley didn't have a phone of his own, but had been talking to Peter on where to meet on Harry's device - and had used that to film the touching moment between his guardians.


 


He had been beyond excited when the power couple had asked if he wanted them to adopt him, partially because it would take him out of Rose Hill, but also because it would give him a family again. He was well aware of what most of the people in Rose Hill thought about him, and about his Mother. So, even at 8 years old back then, he had known that adoption within Rose Hill wasn't an option.


 


Finding out about Tony Stark and Iron Man had been an accident, one that had pushed him to do better in school, to start enjoying science and make his own little inventions in the garage/lab he had made for himself.


 


To find the man himself one winter evening in Rose Hill had been like a dream, one he still hadn't woken up from, and one he wanted to last as long as possible.


 


To see his parental figures so happy, and loving together only made him realise this wasn't a dream, and that this was in fact his new reality, one where he would have parents again, that cared, and wanted the best for him. That always came back home, just like they promised and made sure he had the help he needed to deal with the trauma prior to meeting them.


 


Trauma that led to them coming to Central Park, to meet a boy he knew from therapy, to have someone else there to help him through the rough times, someone his own age, to relate to and to have with him as a confident, and a friend.


 


---


 


Coming down from their high of getting engaged, Harry and Tony looked down sheepishly at Harley, apologizing for hijacking his big day.


 


Only for the boy to wave it away, telling them he was so very happy for the two of them, letting slip that he wanted them to be his parents and that he was happy this happy occasion was in the works for the future - as the both of them deserved nothing less.


 


Tony took this as the answer he had been looking for, and texted Legal to start working on a way so he and Harry could adopt Harley legally as theirs, instead of just having guardianship over the teen.


 


When looking around themselves, the people standing in the Park during the proposal started clapping for the power couple that had done a world of good for everyone out there. Even if some had, had their doubts about how Tony Stark was made, Iron Man was one of the most liked Superheroes out there, which was only amplified when the man saved New York by flying a bomb into space.


 


Of course there were also the recent events in which both of then had finally shown the world that they were more than just regular humans, who used their powers for the good of the population. In fact most people adored Harry Black for keeping 3 helicarriers in the air for almost 3 hours before he got help in holding them up - just so DC could be cleared and no extra casualties could be made.


 


To see the both of them taking the next step in their relationship, something which had been speculated about ever since that kiss after the invasion of New York, was now becoming a reality.


 


The both of them and their charge, or son, was waving at all of them, before the young boy ran off to meet with another boy closer to the other entrance. Seeing that this was a family outing, some people yelled a congratulations to the newly engaged couple, or nodded, before going on their merry way.


 


If there was anything these people had shown them, it was that they too were regular people, if enhanced, that deserved their own time and time to spend with family and friends. Which was the very least they deserved.


 


---


 


With all the people looking on as his parents, could he call them his parents, he was going to do so anyway, were wrapping up, he spotted the brown hair that accompanied his friend Peter, so after waving at the people around them and letting Harry know, he ran towards the other boy and started chattering excitingly.


 


Forgetting to even introduce himself to the adult couple, most likely Peter's aunt and uncle, in his haste to catch up with the other boy. So lost they were, that they didn't even notice Harry and Tony joining them - quite a feat, as Peter adored the both of them, and hoped to be able to get an apprenticeship at either MI or SI once he was old enough.


 


Harry and Tony though, could only smile as Harley talked animatedly to the other boy, lost in the conversations instead of his own shadows, which was exactly what he wanted for their boy.


 


The other couple was doing the exact same thing for Peter, so this would be May and Ben Parker.


 


"Mr. and Mrs. Parker, it's wonderful to meet you, especially after hearing so many great thing about Peter, which of course reflect amazingly on the two of you. Thank you for meeting us here."


 


May waved her hand, "May and Ben, please, none of that Mr and Mrs. stuff, and thank you for meeting with us, we're sure you're both terribly busy nowadays."


 


Tony shrugged, "Saturday is family day, and we were really looking forward to meeting Peter. And we'll always make time for family."


Slight spoiler for Falcon and the Winter soldier! But only just! 

For those who want to read, but didn't watch, there's a black man, who has a version of the super soldier serum, but who was cast aside and locked up because of that.


The playdate had been exactly what Harry and Tony were hoping for, not only could they see that Harley and Peter connected on a level that both boys needed, but they also seemed to need this time to just be kids and let loose, enjoying themselves in a huge park, where they could run around and do (almost) whatever they wanted.


 


Harry and Tony had to smile, seeing Harley letting go for the first time since he had moved to New York with them. He always seemed so serious and trying to be tough, to see him acting like an actual child was refreshing to see.


 


From the looks of the couple next to them, Peter had been the same, or hadn't been able to actually be a child in a long time.


 


Seeing them looking, May wiped away a tear in the corner of her eye, "Peter had been so alone for so long. We took him in when his parents died in a plane crash when he was a toddler. We've never seen him like this, he doesn't really have friends - he is always so much smarter than them, and children are mean to those better then him."


 


Ben nodded, "plus both May and I have a pretty busy schedule with me being a Police officer, and May being a nurse. And we try to make it work, but neither of us can keep up with him."


 


May added, "when he told us about Harley, we almost thought it was too good to be true. But seeing them, I am so happy we did this. Thank you for agreeing to this."


 


Harry and Tony looked at each other, "we don't mind, really, and if you're both okay with it, we maybe can come and pick Peter us on the weekends and give them the Saturdays together. If you're alright with this, of course."


 


The Parker couple looked at each other, "we'd have to think about that, and look into what comes with it. As we know both of you are part of the task force being assembled to represent the enhanced community, so we'd like to know where our nephew would be in those situations."


 


Harry grinned, "totally acceptable. Think about it and come back to us with any kind of question you have, is that alright?"


 


The Parker couple nodded, going back to watching the kids after that, the two boys running around until both were hanging in their parents arms, almost asleep, but having had fun. Tony took them all out to dinner, nothing fancy, but he could see May and Ben appreciate the gesture.


 


They went their separate ways, with the Parker couple promising to let them know something on Wednesday at the latest.


 


Walking back to the tower, Harley was half asleep on Tony's back, the engineer looking over his shoulder at the boy from where he was nodding off against his shoulder. Harry couldn't help but grin at the two boys in his life, glancing at the ring on his finger, and to the one on Tony's he couldn't help but think about how happy he was that this had happened and how happy he was that he had found the other man, even with everything they had been through already, he had been through already, he was glad that love was still there.


 


---


 


As they got home, the rest of the family was waiting to congratulate them on the engagement, as Harley had - of course - send it to everyone in the family chat on WhatsApp, plus more people had posted the clip they had filmed on social media, where it was getting a lot of positive feedback.


 


The following week brought them back to work, where Harry spent most of his time on the projects they had ongoing about inclusive technology, as well as uses for Starkanium. While Tony had meetings with the president, and sometimes other leaders - as they proposal for an enhanced task force was taking shape.


 


The UN was even getting involved, and wanted to use their project on a global scale, to make sure that it wasn't only America getting covered should anything happen. However, they were soon comforted with the fact that Tony and Harry seemed to have the lead in this, and with MI and SI having offices just about everywhere in the world - this was seen as them not only interfering in America.


 


As they kept on proposing ideas, and reaching out to other enhanced, the idea was soon taking shape in a way that the UN was also standing behind, even if that was a work of months, where both of them talked with groups of enhanced or individuals. While also working for their respective companies, and their joint projects.


 


Plus they kept on working on the Winter Soldier, especially once they let it slip to the president that Sergeant Barnes might still be alive, and if he was, who knew who else had the serum.


 


In fact, it was because of them saying this, that they found a man that had been locked up after being a war hero, for the only reason that he had the super serum, or a version of the super serum in his blood, and didn't want to release that into the care of the government (and HYDRA - as they also found folders on the man in the HYDRA files).


 


As soon as word got out, the man was released and given the care he needed to deal with all that had been happening. He was also able to tell them that the Winter Soldier was indeed James Barnes, he'd had heard people talk about it, while he was held captive.


 


With finding Isiah, Tony got to work with digging through the files with Clint, Sylvester and anyone else formerly SHIELD that wanted to, to look for anyone else HYDRA had taken, hidden or taken out - to at least be able to let the families know what had happened to those people, to give them some closure.


 


They found several people who had been missing for years, in a bunker in Sokovia, being tested for whatever they could do with their enhancements, all for the reason to try and recreate them for their own purpose.


 


Finding a team to go with them wasn't that hard, as soon as they let it slip that there had been mutants there, the X-men had been jumping on the bandwagon, if only to take care of the kids that were no doubt being held there.


 


For once, they had to ask May and Ben to take Harley for the weekend, but with the times Peter had stayed at the Stark Tower over the weekends, neither had a problem with doing that this weekend. They had even said yes to Teddy coming along, as all three boys got along great.


 


After that initial weekend, May had called Harry on Wednesday to ask her questions, and to meet Remus, Dora and Andy - so she would know who would look after Peter when Harry and/or Tony were called upon. As they all got along too, and the friendship between Peter, Harley and Teddy grew - so did the friendship between the adults, with May and Ben glad to have people with kids about the same age. As they had been quite young when they had taken Peter in, resulting in a lot of their friends not seeing them anymore as they all were in a different stage in their lives.


 


But anyway, with the kids at May and Ben's, Harry and Tony were looking forward to dealing with this base in Sokovia, the files on it didn't spell a lot of good. As they kept testing children to their limits, so the body count was also high one.


 


With several enhanced on their side that could disrupt the cameras from the hideout, as well as Magneto who took pleasure in tearing open the reinforced metal doors, they were in before the HYDRA agents knew what was happening.


 


They made quick work from arresting all of them, leading them outside to the police cars that were waiting for them, in accord with the Sokovian police force, they would deal with the criminals and trial them under Sokovian law (which wasn't looking good for those that had taken pleasure in experimenting on children).


 


While they had agreed to let the Enhanced task force take the enhanced with them, to make sure they had a place to stay, where people equipped to deal with them were. With the size of Sokovia, they were not used to dealing with a lot of enhanced, and even less with rehabilitating them.


 


Luckily, Xavier and Erik were more than happy to house them and gradually integrate them into society, starting with the school, where they could also catch up on what they had missed while in captivity. Harry and Tony had agreed to come by once or twice a month, to see how they were going, and to write a report for the UN in how the reintegration was going.


 


After all, with being the leaders of the task force came even more paperwork, but one they gladly took on them, if it meant engaging the worldwide task force, so they were ready when Thanos came to Earth. They had even told the UN, and the President on what had been waiting on them on the other side of the Wormhole, and how both of them thought (knew) that it was only a matter of time before this army invaded to do who knows what.


 


Luckily, as soon as word got out on that, several people came forward to knowing that there had been aliens on earth before. And not the area 51 fables, but actual aliens, that had been seen around the 80's and then again recently (not counting Thor and Loki) who had been visiting family and friends here.


 


All in all, these people were for once not shoved aside, but listened too, and gave them an insight to abductions that did happen, such as a 10 year old that was taken away by a flying soccer years ago, as well as an airforce pilot that had just up and vanished after the plane she had taken an (un) authorised flight with had blown up after a collision with an unidentified flying object.


 


These were all things they kept on a list, to make sure that if these people ever came back, or there was a way of contacting them (which they had to ask Loki and Thor) they might just get an alliance going that went beyond their own planet, as they couldn't possible be the only planet that wanted Thanos and the threat he faced, gone.


 


---


 


One evening Vanessa appeared and regaled them with tales of a pre-teen that had been abducted on the orders of his Father, who didn't have any good things in mind with his offspring. As well as the group of friends he would gather, among them two of the daughters of Thanos, who knew what a tyrant their 'father' was and how much they wanted to end his reign of terror.


 


She also told them about Carol Danvers, the pilot that had disappeared, taken by the Kree, who were a warrior race set on expanding their empire. They had done dealings with Thanos before, and both hated and admired the Titan.


 


She also told them that both Starlord and Captain Mar-Vel would be great assets to their cause, should they encounter them and tell them about their plan to stop Thanos once and for all. For indeed, word had spread that Terra had been able to stop an invasion of Thanos' forces, which was something that not a lot of worlds (none really) had succeeded in doing. If word was to spread that Terra, or Earth, was planning a universe wide alliance to stop the Mad Titan, they might just be surprised as to who would help them.


 


With the number of people that were released back into society from the base in Sokovia, as well as other holding places such as those, the president, as well as the UN thought it a great idea to craft a certain set of rules pertaining to those enhanced individuals.


 


Even if nothing bad had happened, or not yet, it was without question that the enhanced community was starting to get into the picture more and more, starting with those that had helped them before, and had helped once more when Harry and Tony had stepped up to prevent DC from becoming a dead city.


 


With the influx of those freed from HYDRA's grasp, as well as the people either coming forward themselves, or others telling about others they knew, it became clear that the community was much larger than everyone thought.


 


But, as usual with things different then them, others rejected the appearance of enhanced and acted out. Leaving enhanced to sometimes not be able to do anything, as they were well aware that if they fought back, they would hurt a civilian.


 


As such the president, as well as the UN constructed a counsel which would decide on matters pertaining enhanced individuals, and what kind of laws that should be put in place both for them as for the people trying to hurt them (and the other way around).


 


In all it would mean that ever since the beginning, with the X-men and the Brotherhood profiling themselves, there would be a worldwide counsel and international laws that would oversee them and that could help them get the same treatment as everyone else, instead of being treated differently.


 


It had been something both the X-men and the Brotherhood had fought for, in their own way, so to see something like this be brought to life, and for both of them to be asked to sit in this counsel was an honor. 


 


Even Erik, who didn't have a stellar reputation after everything he had done as Magneto, the tide had turned after people had seen him help out in DC. And even if he had used the revolutionary approach, that didn't mean he didn't want the best for his own people.


 


But anyway, a counsel was appointed, with representatives from all over the world in it, wanting to have a way to overlook all these enhanced people, but in a way that wouldn't make them feel enclosed or even discriminated against. But it still had a long way to go, but for now it had already served its purpose, and helped with people that suddenly came into their powers, or for parents that had an enhanced child, but didn't know how to handle everything that came with it.


 


In those cases, it was a relief to know that Charles' school was still a thing, and with the counsel in place, he could come out and say that it was indeed a school for the gifted, but gifted as in enhanced, instead of in smarts.


 


With his school as an example, more of these schools were built, both as a learning institution, but also as a way to take care of those children that didn't have a home to return to anymore. 


 


As much as they wanted to let people know that this was all alright, and in some ways the next step in evolution, some parents didn't want a 'freak' as a child and were glad to get rid of their once beloved son or daughter.


 


Harry especially had a lot of trouble with that, as his family had consisted of his mother's sister, her husband and their son, who had never asked to take him in, but had done so anyway. Their favourite thing to call him had been 'freak', and part of him was looking forward to seeing the looks on their faces once they realised there were a whole lot more people like Harry in the world.


 


But they digress, the changes made to the world were done so over a longer period of time, a few years even. In which Tony and Harry managed to win favour with the public by what they were doing with their company, but also under the counsel - as the figure heads of the enhanced task force, and in recent years, the people that they were able to reunite with their families after they had been taken by HYDRA.


 


In fact, with everything about HYDRA slowly being brought to light, more than a few other people had been able to finally find peace in knowing where the family disappeared to. Or in Isiah's case, get the compensation they deserved for their services to the country, as well as the hell they went through when he returned and people in high places wanted a piece of the formula in his blood.


 


Through the man's help however, they had been given a glimpse into the mind of one James Barnes and the way HYDRA had used the man to get whatever it was they wanted. From what Isiah told them, plus what was found in the HYDRA files, the man more than deserved his retirement, once he was found.


 


In fact, the fact that he was still out there had been brought to the attention of several higher ups in the army, all vouched for by Rhodey, and checked thoroughly by the former SHIELD agents, in an effort to not give Barnes back into HYDRA hands.


 


Once they were all sure that was the case, Tony, Rhodey and Harry had the honour of telling these members of the brass that they had the longest POW ever, almost located. When it was revealed who, several of them had spit out whatever it was that they were drinking, not believing that a legend from WWII was still out there.


 


Together with army resources, especially since they still adored Tony, he might have stopped making weapons, he had given them a suit in the War Machine Armor that Rhodey was flying, and he was still their main supplier in protective gear. While seeing as none of the weapons now in use were of SI quality, the protective gear sure as hell was, and managed to make sure their people pulled through.


 


With all that in place, the counsel mostly operated by Charles and Erik, Harry and Tony were able to direct their attention to Barnes once more. In between the play dates, turned sleep overs, with the boys. And their own companies to run, it had taken them some time to be able to look for the man.


 


But with the army now also informed and the counsel kept up to date about their findings, a missing person's report was send out to all the nations under the UN, to ask that if Barnes was found they told the man he was able to return to the USA and would get the full support as well as any held he might need, to get over everything HYDRA had done to him.


 


With that mostly taken care of, and looked over by the SHIELD agents now working for both SI and MI, they had the time to look what else needed to be done to prepare for whatever came next.


 


They were making huge steps in preparing Earth for whatever may come in the future. Plus together with Asgard, they had the beginnings of an intergalactic alliance in the works. But they needed more, Thanos had been destroying worlds for eons already, long enough that Vanessa, or Lady Death grew tired of it, and wanted him gone, but couldn't interfere directly.


 


Plus, before, she had told them about the Guardians of the Galaxy, as well as Carol Danvers, or Captain Mar-Vel, all who were out there, and who most likely had already heard about Thanos. All they needed now was to make contact, and make sure that there was a way to contact multipla planets in an effort to stop Thanos once and for all.


 


---


 


It was a Saturday again, and with May and Ben both working, Peter, Harley and Teddy were having a movie night/sleepover in the penthouse. As all three boys were here and under the watchful eyes of both JARVIS, and Tony and Harry. Remus and Dora had taken to going out this evening, enjoying a date night between the two of them.


 


Looking at the three teens, as Peter the youngest, had recently turned 13, Harry and Tony smiled at the Star Wars marathon all of them were having. They usually had these sleepovers once a month, and always on the night that both Ben and May worked the night shift.


 


Before, Peter would be watched by a neighbour's kid, Skip, but ever since word got out that the older boy had behaved inappropriately with some of the kids he babysat, neither Ben nor May wanted to leave Peter in his care again.


 


Which had led to at least one of them having to call off the night shift whenever they both had one. something which had been causing issues, at least until they met Tony and Harry, and had asked the other couple to watch Peter during these days. Something neither men minded, especially as May and Ben had been just as accommodating to Harley and Teddy, the off chances both they, and Remus and Dora couldn't watch the boys for a longer period of time.


 


Sitting at the kitchen table, Harry was tidying up from dinner they had been having, while Tony was tapping away on his tablet, either finishing up some last minute work related stuff, or just making notes for whatever idea just popped into his mind.


 


When Harry's phone went off, he looked and was shocked to find it to be Christine, the doctor had called them several times over the last few months, ever since Stephen had gotten into that car crash that took away the steadiness in his fingers.


 


While they had tried to help as much as they could, both of them had stopped giving the former doctor money to mutilate his fingers even further. Especially when Christine had called them to vent about the way Stephen was hurting himself all the more with all of this.


 


Of course, this had resulted in quite the falling out between the male doctor and all of their friends, all who had stopped giving him the money he needed to make his hands workable again. Ever since then, he had gone on to sell everything he ever owned, just to have the money he needed.


 


Christine had likened it to a drug addict who needed to get his latest fix, just so he could function. Of course they had all understood, Stephen had graduated from medical school at an almost alarming rate, and had become a doctor to honor his sister, who passed because his parents couldn't find a doctor in time.


 


He himself had been willing to take difficult cases, and even succeeded in making sure that people who wouldn't be able to walk or function, had gotten a percentage of mobility back, which was deemed impossible.


 


They hated to see him like this, to know that this great friend of them sunk so low that even after getting every professional in the world to look at it, no one could help him anymore. He would forever be bound by hands that kept on shaking, and fingers that made him incapable of ever helping people again - at least in the way he had been taught to.


 


So to get a phone call from Christine telling them that the man had taken a flight to Nepal, of all places; because of a rumour that one of the people he operated on, who couldn't use his legs afterwards, had found a way to walk again.


 


Christine explained that the Doctor had used up all of his money, the last of his money, to buy a plane ticket to Nepal, for a rumor that might be just that, a rumour. He might return to them an even more broken man than before.



"What do you mean, he just up and left for Nepal with the last of his money?"


 


Harry could hear Christine sigh at the other end of the phone, the tears in the woman's voice more than obvious.


 


"He heard that there was a place there that might help. Had heard from an old patient of his that it could help him get on his feet again, like it did to him. That it could give him back mobility in his hands, and if not that, then at least a purpose in life."


 


Harry hummed, seeing Tony surfing on the internet on his tables, in hopes of finding something about this miracle place.


 


"Do you have any idea what it is called?"


 


They heard Christine hum from where Harry had put her on speaker, "Kamar Taj or something like that."


 


Tony hummed at that, typing it into his tables, before it froze, as did most of the things around them. Both of them hummed as they turned the moment they felt a breeze sweep through the room.


 


"Hello Vanessa."


 


She smiled at them, "Kamar Taj is not something you can look into just yet. Everything that is happening to Stephen Strange, must happen, as it did in every other universe. In fact, what is happening right now is necessary for the continuation of this universe, and all the others in the Multiverse."


 


Harry and Tony gaped at her, not really comprehending what they were hearing, not that they didn't think Stephen couldn't do such a thing, but to know that the faith of the Multiverse was in his hands, especially 'his hands' was a bit much.


 


"What could it possibly be that these people in Kamar Taj learn their pupils that makes them able to walk again after being crippled, and how is it that this place has never been heard of before?"


 


Lady Death sighed, "the order of sorcerer's, under the leadership of the Sorcerer Supreme, have been active on this planet, and on more planets all over the universe, since the beginning of time.


 


They teach their pupils to harness the energy released by the universe itself, and to channel it to protect this dimension from the horrors that go on outside of it, as well as the entities that seek to destroy it.


 


The current sorcerer supreme's time is almost up, and with her death a new one shall be chosen, Which is where your friend comes in."


 


Tony blinked a few times, before he started laughing, "Stephen? Stephen is going to become the next sorcerer supreme? I can't believe that, the man believes in science even more than I do, and I got a taste of what magic can do with Merlin next to me.


 


But Stephen would need a lot of convincing, before he is willing to part with the belief that magic does indeed exist."


 


Harry nodded alongside Tony, although he grimaced at the nickname, Merlin, but agreed with his fiance that to convince Stephen of the realness of Magic, and whatever else the sorcerers of Kalar Taj use and believe, there would be a lot needed.


 


Tony had stopped to think, before looking at Vanessa, "they have the unknown infinity stone, don't they?"


 


Vanessa nodded, "the time stone, and the relic that chooses the next sorcerer supreme, which is going to take a liking to Stephen the moment he uses it for the first time. As in every universe, Stephen Strange will find his way to Kamar Taj, and will be chosen as the next Sorcerer Supreme. This is one of the set points in time, as is Tony becoming Iron Man, or Harry being a wizard. These things are never different, the way they are approached might be, but the result is always the same."


 


Harry nodded, "so this is one thing that we leave for what it is?"


 


Vanessa nodded, "I'm afraid so, this needs to happen, I can tell you that he will return a changed man, but not someone who is a danger to the cause you are both trying to work towards, if anything, he could become your greatest ally."


 


Both of them sighed, but nodded, as life around them resumed again, making them go back to the conversation with Christine, which both of them were a bit dismissive about, even if they promised to keep an eye out. And if they suspected anything, the both of them would go and get Stephen back themselves.


 


The moment they ended the call, the elevator dinged and three boys ran into the apartment, shouting a greeting to the two men, before disappearing in Harley's bedroom. Ned had joined Peter and Harley in coming over as soon as he realised that Harley was the adopted son of Tony Stark and Harry Black, two of the biggest names at the moment.


 


Not only that, but the Filipino boy had obviously been nervous the first time he had arrived at the apartment, having known Peter for quite some time, and bonding with Harley just as much the moment their son entered the same school Peter and Ned were going to.


 


Even if the three of them went to Midtown, Teddy still went to Xavier's school for gifted youngsters, and found a relaxing time as the younger kids entered the tower. At school he mostly hung out with kids a couple of years older than him, which now included several of the X-men, such as Bobby, Kitty and Rouge, who had graduated.


 


But at home was the only time he's had kids his own age that could follow his way of thinking, and even more, that were willing to follow it as well.


 


But for the adults in the tower, as well as May and Ben, it was just amazing to see this normally so closed off teens, just blossoming with the friendships they had going right now. Their boys had people to rely on their own age, and while they never said it, it was nice to not have the super smart teen trying to figure it all out in their home.


 


Having a couple, they were friends with, that was just as smart, or where one of them was just as smart, was a great way to make sure that their kids were challenged enough. Plus, Tony loved to help them all out, and invited them into his lab more often than not, when they were home.


 


They might never make the things that they made for MI or SI, but the things the boys came up with were still amazing to see. Their latest project had been a working BB-8 from the Star Wars movies.


 


So far they had managed to make a moving droit, but he still didn't make the signature droits sounds, which was an issue they would be dealing with this weekend, as soon as Teddy came home to help.


 


---


 


It was only when the boys were asleep, having been able to make the signature sounds resound from the droid now happily following them around everywhere, that Tony settled on the couch next to Harry, the younger of the two looking at his fiance.


 


"Are you sure you don't want to spend some more time in the lab?"


 


Tony blinked, "don't you want to spend some more time together?"


 


Harry grinned, "I'm happy with the time we spend together, love, but I've seen the way your leg has been bouncing up and down in the last 10 minutes. Not only that, but I know you like to tinker on the ideas you get while playing with the boys.


 


Go on, I'm enjoying myself here well enough, I might just get an early night and prepare for tomorrow, when Pepper, Happy and Colin come over."


 


Pressing a kiss to his temple, Tony whispered, "you're the best, I'll have J remind me I need sleep."


 


Harry nodded, pressing a kiss to Tony's lips as the other man was standing from kissing his temple, smiling as he went back to his lab. He shook his head, he didn't know why he would have a problem with Tony spending time in his lap, he had known when they began dating, that he was also dating the man's never stopping mind, it just didn't seem fair to expect Tony to stop thinking.


 


That would be like asking the Earth to stop spinning, or the sun to stop shining.


 


Settling down, he went over some of the reports on his tablet, filling in some paperwork Remus or Dora had sent him, so they could continue to work under the new legislations that were implemented for the protection of enhanced individuals.


 


While neither MI or SI would be in trouble with these new legislations, they still needed to fill in the paperwork needed, so their enhanced employees had a chance to start an investigation should they be mistreated solemnly based on the fact that they were enhanced. Kind of like the bans on racism and things like that.


 


Going over the paperwork, and signing where he needed to sign, before sending it back to his uncle and his wife, he put his tablet away to turn in for the night. Laughing as he checked his phone and got a text from Remus reprimanding him for working so later on a Friday night.


 


Before turning into bed, he made sure to check up on the boys, finding them all piled in Harley's room, stretched over the mattresses that were put on the ground, in something akin to a giant puppy pile. He took a picture and sent it to the whatsapp group they had with Remus and Dora, Ben and May, Frank and Carmen - Ned's parents, and he and Tony, to share the cute picture of their boys.


 


---


 


It was after the amazing day they'd had with Pepper, Happy and Colin, and when those not living in the tower had been dropped at their own homes, that Tony and Harry relaxed together on the couch. Harley was next to them on the floor doing some homework, when both their phones beeped and JARVIS spoke.


 


"Sirs, I have a hit on Sergeant Barnes."


 


Looking at each other, Harry texted Remus, asking if Harley could come down, while Tony texted Rhodey and the committee to let them know that they had found Barnes and wanted to go and pay the man a visit.


 


"Harley, honey, Tony and I have an issue that came up pertaining to Sergeant Barnes, could you go to Remus, he promised you and Teddy could have a movie night."


 


As neither believed in keeping things from their kids, both Teddy and Harley were well aware of the things Harry and Tony were doing right now. They might not be privy to all the details, but it was obvious that they liked that they weren't kept in the dark.


 


Because of that, Harley packed away his books, hugged both of them and made his way to the floor below theirs, to spend the night at Remus and Dora's apartment, having another sleepover with Teddy.


 


Looking at Tony as the man was in conversation with the committee about what could be done, and needed to be done for Barnes, which seemed to be rounding up, as tony thanked the other person for their time and hung up the phone.


 


"We have a go to do whatever we need to, to make sure that James Barnes feels comfortable coming back to the States. In fact, they are calling an emergency meeting for the enhanced counsel, to make sure we have back-up, as we will be going in blind."


 


Harry nodded, before looking at the nearest camera JARVIS controlled, "J, can you tell us what you got?"


 


"Certainly, sir, James Barnes is recognizable on a camera in front of a convenient store in Romania, where if I track the records, he's been staying ever since HYDRA fell. He hasn't been making any trouble, nor has he been doing anything out of the ordinary.


 


He's been trying to live as normal as possible, even if I notice some noticeable ticks that one might assume are from him being a POW for so long, he acts quite paranoid when there are a lot of people around him."


 


Harry nodded, before looking at Tony, "looks like we're going to Europe."



Their trip to Europe was arranged rather fast, after they let the right people know why it was they needed to go to Romania, and informed the local authorities that they didn't expect a lot of resistance, especially not when they were able to get Barnes to sit down and listen to what they had to say.


 


After all, with their efforts, his pardon was just a fact of him signing it, and coming back to America, to find the best doctors possible to make sure that he was cleared of the triggers HYDRA had put into his head. As soon as those were removed, he was a free man, and welcome to do whatever he wanted. He'd have a very generous pension waiting for him.


 


Arriving in Romania, they were greeted by the Romanian president, who seemed a little star struck to be seeing them standing in front of him. Most likely also because MI and SI were once again expanding on a joint venture, and had chosen to build job opportunities in East Europe, which contributed to the stark struck.


 


Harry and Tony both shaked the man's hand, and grinned as his entourage, seeing the man's grandchildren looking at the both of them, holding an iron man doll in one hand, and a booklet on the 'superheroes' in the other.


 


With their global efforts for the enhanced, they had used the more known ones as some kind of PR, printing a booklet which had each superhero introducing themselves by (superhero)name, and things like their favourite colour, food and animal. Something kids could relate too, and with the way they were seeing those books pop up, they were doing well with children of all ages.


 


Waving once more to the little boy, as well as the girl standing next to him, they walked toward the chief of police, who had briefed them on the fact that they had some undercover people close by, just as a precaution.


 


But that the man they were looking for had been a model citizen, if a bit shy and skittish, but no one could blame the man, especially with the trauma he had gone through.


 


---


 


Arriving at the neighbourhood Barnes was supposed to live in, Harry and Tony could only wince at the level of poverty they could see all around, the clothing of the people wasn't even in a good state, and on every street corner there was at least one beggar.


 


It was sad to see, they were used to having money for whatever they wished, but seeing this confronted them once again that not even 80% of the world had enough money to buy something on impulse. Even worse, a large percent of that 80% wasn't even able to live with the money they earned or got, making it all a vicious circle these people were trust into.


 


Humming, Harry took a hold of Tony's wrist and told his watch, "JARVIS, be a dear and look up how we can sponsor public housing, both in the US and in countries in Europe and Africa."


 


"Of course, Master Harry, shall I also look into buying the deeds of the houses around here?"


 


"If you would."


 


"Right away, I'll keep you posted on the process, Sir, Master Harry."


 


Tony just shook his head, pressing a kiss to Harry's lips as he pulled the Brit closer to him, "you have such a bleeding heart, sometimes I wonder how it is that you're still a millionaire."


 


Harry grinned, "because I come from old money, and I make it faster than I can spend it."


 


Tony just hummed, grinning at his fiance, "true that, you do have some amazing ideas now and again. Let's get going, shall we, so the good sergeant can come home."


 


Harry nodded, not letting go of Tony's hand which he had grasped as he had let go of the man's wrist, walking towards the apartment building Barnes should be in. With no doorbell, they just went right up, knocking on the door that read 113, hearing the stumbling of someone coming towards the door to open it.


 


The door opened, letting them see grey eyes widen, before the door was closed, and opened again. The man that looked at them, this time in full view looked like he was finally comfortable, so part of them did feel bad for taking this man away from his comfort zone.


 


"Sergeant Barnes."


 


The man bit his lip, "James, please, I don't... I don't remember being a sergeant, I don't remember a lot of things, but I like the name: James."


 


Harry looked at Tony, before nodding, "James, then, may we come in?"


 


The man nodded and took a step to the side, letting them enter his modest apartment, where an old couch served as both couch and dining chair - going by the fact that there was no table and chairs to be seen.


 


Harry and Tony took a seat in the two seater, while James took a seat in the armchair that had a place by the couch, they could see the way the man was fidgeting with the fingers of his left arm.


 


"Are you here to take me in?"


 


Tony blinked, "why do you think you're here to take you in, James?"


 


James looked at Tony, "because I remember that, too well even, I know what I took from you. It seemed fair that you'd be here to kill me, or to arrest me."


 


Harry looked at the man, "what makes you think that, has there been any indication that this would be the way that you'd be treated?"


 


James bit his lip, "there's this guy, who writes me, like clockwork, and I don't know how his letters find themselves in my mailbox, but he writes to me every week. Telling me how tony Stark would come to kill me, because that's just the way he does things, and I know I deserve that, but I didn't know what to think when you stood there on my doorstep all of the sudden."


 


Tony grimaced, "this man that writes you, is his name Steve?"


 


James nods, "Steve Rogers, he calls himself my best friend, but I have no idea who he is."


 


Harry sighed, and rolled his eyes, "so even in prison he can make a nuisance of himself."


 


Turning to James, he explained, "Steve Rogers is the person once known as Captain America, and I guess once upon a time you were depicted as best friends. While you were assumed MIA however, he was thought to be KIA - having flown a plane into the arctic sea, but he was found a few years back, still alive.


 


We don't exactly have the best of agreements, as he thinks of us as rich know it alls, instead of people that know what they're doing, and just take a different approach from him.


 


Anyway, he was arrested just over a year back, after leaking confidential information onto the internet, trying to expose HYDRA, but in doing so also potentially harming many innocents when the personal files of people working for SHIELD were uncovered too.


 


Anyway, to make matters worse, he tried to crash three helicarriers on DC, to purge them of the HYDRA agents on them, which in the end, wasn't even 10% of the people on board. Had they crashed, the casualties would be disastrous, but because Steve Rogers delusioned himself into thinking he's always in the right, he hasn't noticed that what he was doing was the exact opposite of what his image stood for."


 


Tony adds, "what Harry wants to say is that Steve Rogers is a delusional fuckhead, who knew who killed my parents, it being HYDRA, and keeping it from me, because protecting you was more important than letting me know the truth.


 


He has it in his mind that all I can do is kill, because my father, and after that me, built an empire on weapons and waging war - even if I never waged war, just provided american troops with what they needed. He just doesn't see it like that, so in his eyes it isn't like that, but something totally different"


 


He heaved a huge sigh, "and I had a difficult period, when I first saw the footage HYDRA had kept of the hit, but I never blamed you, you were just the weapon they used, which made my father let down his guard, as you used to be a friend of his."


 


James nodded, "I remember that part, I remember all the hits and all the faces, but I kept on thinking that I knew him from... before... but I never found out more. When I had flashbacks, they would put me back in the chair and erase me again."


 


Harry winced, but said, "which is another reason we're here, besiders the full pardon, and the army pension that is waiting for you. We were able to gather some of the best psychologists and neurosurgeons, to help you get rid of the triggers, and make it so you can live a normal life again."


 


James swallowed, "just like that?"


 


Harry and Tony nodded, "you're the longest POW known to men, and not only that, but you served America well in the World War, people tend to keep stories about those people alive, unless something is stopping them from being told.


 


Anyway, we did this because it is the right thing to do, and you deserve this, so strings attached, even no contact after everything is said and done, should you want it like that. We're not doing this for any gain on our side, but we were sent because of the enhanced factor that you have, having been injected with a version of the super soldier serum."


 


James looked at the two of them, once again fidgeting with the fingers of his metal arm, "can I think about it?"


 


Harry nodded, "of course, we're not here to force you either, just know that the option is on the table, should you want it. We'll be staying down the road, where there was a room booked for us, come over when you made your decision."


 


---


 


Later that day, they called Harley, as it was late enough that the teen was awake, with the different time zones they were in now. 


 


"Hey kiddo, how are you?"


 


Harley grinned, "I'm good, Ned, Pete and I got put together for a group project on physics, so I was wondering if we could use the lab?"


 


Harry sighed good naturally, while Tony grinned, "of course, as long as there is an adult there to supervise, and I do mean a senior member of the staff, or Andy, Dora or Remus, no asking one of the interns or the newbies, they'd be too starstruck to keep an eye on you three hellions, four if Teddy joins."


 


Harley groaned at that, the mirroring groan telling the men that the others were close by and listening in on the conversation, making the men laugh, ever since introducing the four boys to each other, they had been inseparable.


 


Harry shook his head, "we're not letting any of you in the lab unsupervised until you're capable of eating and sleeping on time, it's the same rule I have in place for Tony. Only he has JARVIS to listen to. You boys know how to shut him out, and I don't need zombified teens in my house."


 


Tony grinned at that, sheepishly looking at Harry as he thought back on the first time he bindged in the lab after they moved in together. Harry had locked the lab up for 48 hours after that, to make sure that he would get sleep before he went on a working spree again.


 


The conversation after that became one about school, Teddy's new hair colour and the amazing ratings they were getting with SI, MI, and the enhanced groups.


 


Harry and Tony closed off the call with greeting to everyone, before they went and grabbed a bite to eat in James' neighbourhood, which seemed to shock the people there, but gave them a very nice, authentic Romaniam meal.


 


All they had to do now, was wait for James to make his decision, and to either take the man back to America with them, or make sure he was safe here, that no one followed them, or the information leaked - as some people would pay a fortune to get their hands on the Winter Soldier.


 

Just to be clear, I am modelling this after Tom Holland's spiderman.But some parts of Toby Miguere's spiderman might make an appearance


They didn't have to wait long before they for a call from the reception telling them that one Mr. Barnes was there for them. Tony looked at the clock, not even 24 hours after their talk, the man was willing to tell them what he wanted to do.


 


Humming they went down to the reception, nodding to the worker behind it and found James sitting in one of the sofa's littering the hotel's entrance hall, a bit to the back, and surrounded by empty seats, just to be sure he was left alone.


 


Harry smiled at the man, before taking a seat, "hello, James."


 


The man nodded back at them, "I... I am free to choose what I want?"


 


Both Harry and Tony nodded, "you are, this is not us pushing you to do anything, but we do think you could use the freedom of not being bound by the words drilled into your head by HYDRA. And with the majority of them have been captured, we don't want to give them a reason to come after you again."


 


James nodded, "I'd like to go back to America, and be cleared of the triggers in my mind."


 


He stopped for a moment there, "I'd also like to be sure that Steve Rogers can't contact me anymore. I thought over what you said, and looked something up, and it all comes down to him behaving like a stalker. I don't know how long he'll be in jail, but I don't want to find him standing in front of my door all of the sudden."


 


Harry nodded, quite worried, "what makes you say that, because we in no way wanted to influence your opinion of the man."


 


James shook his head, "I don't remember what he is telling me, but from what you did, I can understand he has a very opiated vision of what he thinks happened and what didn't, which makes me doubt I can trust what he tells me. 


 


That, plus the fact that he keeps telling me he'll save me, but never has he said something about a psychologist, not in the way you did. 


 


Add to that, the fact that the tone in his letters tells me he wants something different from me, and I don't know what that is, nor do I want to find out. I just want to build up a life again, one without everything that HYDRA forced me to be, and one without all the things people expect from me - both because I am a POW, and because I was a soldier - I just want to leave that part behind me, and look for who I am now, after everything that happened to me. I think you guys are the best way to get to that."


 


Tony and Harry smiled, "we can do that, there is such a thing as a restraining order, once one has been issued, it informs the person it is against that they have to keep a certain amount of feet away from you. If they break that, as it is put on record with agencies across the country, and even across the globe, should it be needed, Steve will be arrested again if he ever gets out and approaches you."


 


Harry added, "and if you want, you can rent a room at the Stark tower, we have some living arrangements too, and Rogers isn't allowed into the tower at all."


 


This had James looking at him, making Harry continue, "if I remember you were from Brooklyn, we're in Manhattan, but I don't think you'll find something that fits you in Brooklyn anymore. Most of the people that live there are working class families, never or not a lot of single guys, so I don't think the home market there is suitable for you."


 


James blinked, "so you'll over me something in Stark tower, I would never be able to afford rent."


 


Tony shook his head, "it's rent free, both Harry and I are more than wealthy enough to have apartments that can be used by either our families, friends, or even employees."


 


Harry nodded, "we have the penthouse, below us is a pair of apartments shared by my CFO, his wife, who happens to be my cousin, and their son. While the other is my paternal great-aunt, who watches the resident children when we're all at work and they don't have school.


 


Below that is Tony's CFO, once she moves in with her own family, and an empty apartment which is used by any of her brothers, or our friends when they visit."


 


This last had Tony looking up, "Pep's moving into the tower?"


 


Harry snorted, but nodded, "she told us last weekend when she came over. She and Happy had a long talk about it, after everything that happened, they'd feel closer with family around them. Especially now that Pepper and her brothers renounced the Weasley name, after everything that happened they just couldn't forgive their father. Taking on the Prewett name now that Molly isn't here anymore, they can be the family they need to be, without their biological father trying to dictate what they should and shouldn't do."


 


Looking at James, he told Tony, "I'll give you the whole story at home, alright?"


 


While Tony nodded, Harry turned back to James, "some other people living in the tower are former SHIELD agents, who've all taken a job at either SI or MI after SHIELD's fall. Plus with Romanov throwing them all under the bus, none of them feel the need to return either. Plus under us, they can still help with the enhanced counsel, and by being able to oversee what is happening with it.


 


They wouldn't be able to do that with SHIELD, as those that still do, are forced to stay in the dark, after everything that happened those cleared and still working with or for SHIELD aren't that well received anywhere. Not after what they tried to pull, even if they never wanted to kill the population of DC, it almost came down to that, without anyone trying to stop it."


 


James hummed, "so this isn't some charity?"


 


Tony shook his head, "no it isn't, this is a free over, to make sure someone born and raised in New York, has the possibility to stay there as he recovers. Plus it would be easier for any therapy you would take, as we have enough conference rooms that you wouldn't need to leave the building."


 


James opened and closed his mouth a few times, "then thank you, I'd love to."


 


---


 


With James consenting to coming back to the USA, Tony and Harry put everything in motion to make sure their journey back was arranged as soon as possible, not in fear of James changing his mind. But more so they could go back to work, the both of them had after all dropped everything to travel to Romania.


 


James smiled sheepish at that, and apologized, something both of them waved away. They made the decision to come to Romania, and they would do so again, regardless of what they had going on right now. This was important too, and with all the work that had been put into finding him, and making sure he'd get everything he was owed, they wanted to be the ones to come and see him in the first place.


 


They also made sure that the apartment James was renting right now went back to the owners, and if they gave a little extra to get it fixed up, well no one had to know.


 


Boarding the private jet that afternoon, they found James lingering on the stairs leading into the aircraft, looking out at the skyline of the town he had stayed for the better part of two years.


 


"It feels odd, doesn't it, leaving something that has become so familiar."


 


James turned to look at where Harry was leaning against the door into the plane, looking out towards the skyline as well, something in his eyes telling James that the man knew what he was talking about.


 


"What did you leave behind?"


 


Harry sighed, "England, and the friends I still have there, but it held too many bad memories, plus my blood family had come to the US, so it was logical that I followed. Plus, with the inactivity of the UK branch, the US branch of MI had gotten big enough to be the place where Headquarters was moved to, as CEO it was clear I'd have to go too. It all played out well in the end."


 


James nodded, "that must have been tough?"


 


Harry shrugged, "the people still there understood, and know they can come and visit whenever. I'm just happy to be here, well to be with family and friends, and to have met Tony while I was here."


 


James smiled, and Harry was amazed to see that it was one that reached his eyes, "I noticed, the two of you are very in love, and it shows, it's... really good to see that times have changed in that aspect."


 


As the meaning of those words reached Harry, the Brit gasped, before nodding sadly, "times really have changed, and a lot even, which is a good thing. Even if there are people that seem to think it was better before."


 


James shook his head, "not for people like us, I know more than one person who got beat to death just for loving the same gender, it was hell for others in the 30s, especially when the call for war came. The army was even more set in its beliefs, but that was also one of the reasons so many of us enlisted, to be sure no one found out."


 


Harry nodded, "I can understand that, the army only recently changed its politics surrounding that way of thinking. But with the movement growing bigger and more and more people coming out as members of the community, they had to do something - as with the previous rules, they might just lose quite a number of their best soldiers."


 


James smiled, "and it must be a positive influence, when two of the biggest CEO's, as well as one of the most well known superheroes starts a rather public relationship with a man. I think your relationship did a lot of good for the community too."


 


Harry hummed at that, while Tony laughed from inside the plane, which they finally entered. But he grinned brightly as Harry took a seat next to him, James taking a seat across from the couple.


 


He nodded, "we're indeed doing a lot of good promo for the LGTBQ+ community, I know we've been asked about doing a couple interviews, and even a few talk shows, but I keep rejecting them, as Harry doesn't really like being in the spotlight all that much.


 


As such, I didn't think he'd enjoy doing all that. Unless, you wouldn't mind?"


 


That last one was directed to Harry, who shrugged, "I don't like paparazzi following us everywhere, and I still don't, but I wouldn't be against doing a few interviews and talk shows, if we make sure to get those that will not twist our words to make it something their own - I had that happen to much already."


 


Tony hummed, "I know a reporter that would be thrilled to do an interview about all this, and she's honest about everything. I like using her for press statements, as I know she'll sooner stop her career then give false information."


 


Harry looked at his fiance, "that's Christine Everheart, isn't it? Pepper always tells me that for all that she's like a bloodhound going after a story, she gives an honest story every time."


 


Tony nodded, "she also helped in uncovering Stane, it was her research that made me think about everything. Well that, and what he discovered on our own, but she wants justice most of all, and to bring people the truth."


 


Harry nodded, "she does sound like the perfect person to tell our story to."


 


James put in his two cents, "and think about all those people who'll read or see this, who will finally be able to place what it is they are feeling or experiencing. I noticed that not everyone accepts us, but it isn't as taboo as it once was, maybe this will be the last push people need."


 


Harry and Tony nodded, making plans on telling Pepper, Remus and their PR departments, to make sure this went down the right road. 


 


After that, they filled the flight with some small talk, and even a nap during the night. When they woke up, they would be back in America, and James' healing process could begin.



Getting back to the USA was like they landed in a whole new world. They had let Rhodey know that James had agreed to come back with them, but to keep the brass off their back until the man was used to being back after 75 years.


 


Luckily, they had all listened, and managed to only have Rhodey wait for them at the airport, a suitcase in his hand and a frown on his face. The airman smiled at his best friends, and even at James, giving them a hug and the veteran a hand shake.


 


"What's with the suitcase, honeybear?"


 


Rhodey rolls his eyes, "brass wanted me to take this with me. It contains all of James' paperwork, as well as anything he might need to get everything in order with city hall and other such things, as he has been declared MIA, possible KIA for 75 years. With us asking them to back off for some time, they asked me to take this with me."


 


Tony sighed and rolled his eyes, "I guess we'll make time to go over all the paperwork later. For now I just want to get back to the tower and get our vet installed into what will be his home for the unforeseen future. I also want to call Charles and see when he or Jean has time to come by - as I think both of them have the best chances of getting those triggers out of his mind."


 


Rhodey nodded, before turning to James, "I'm James Rhodes, by the way, but call me Rhodey, these two do, and I don't mind. Plus two James' will get confusing."


 


James let out a small laugh, before nodding, "nice to meet you, Rhodey, I'd introduce myself, but I have a feeling everyone already knows who I am."


 


Rhodey shook his head,  "they know who you were, or what you're supposed to be according to exaggerated stories, feel free to introduce yourself to me. I am sure a lot more people would love to get to know you, starting with the kids."


 


James blinked, "kids."


 


Rhodey nodded, "these two didn't tell you? They have an adopted son, Harley, and a godson, Teddy, who both live in the tower. Their best friends Peter and Ned are over all the time too, and I know all four of them have been looking forward to getting to know you ever since Tones and Harry announced they were leaving to see if you were willing to come back."


 


James blinked at the couple that he had met recently, that had offered a place in their own home for his use, "you're trusting me with your kids?"


 


Tony shrugged; while Harry smiled, "I don't know if you can still call them kids though. Teddy's 17, Harley is almost 16, and Peter and Ned are 15, they're teens that go to the same school, well all except Teddy. But they are thick as thieves still, despite Teddy going to a different school."


 


James still blinked at that, "but they are still going to be in the same building, what if something happens that makes we lose control? I don't want to accidentally hurt the kids."


 


Tony snorted, "those kids would be able to stop a war from happening with their combined IQ, I'm really not worried about the Winter Soldier hurting them. Plus, if you try to, Remus will be there to stop you, he's stronger than you anyway."


 


Rhodey blinked, "how do you know that?"


 


Harry grinned sheepishly, "because he was able to keep Logan and Victor at bay at the same time in the spar we had last month. Most of the people present were shocked, not expecting that, and I understand, Remus doesn't look like much, until you push him and then he's the most dangerous person on the field."


 


Tony nodded, "it was amazing to see, and the kids loved it even more, they all love Remus already because he is this really calm character, but to know he's even more, and total badass, was everything they needed."


 


Turning back to James, Harry adds, "nothing could happen at this time to make us kick you out either, we offered you a place at the tower, and we plan on keeping that. The only thing that will make you leave, is if you make the choice to do so."


 


James looked at Rhodey, before looking back at the couple, "just like that?"


 


Rhodey laughed at that, clapping James on his shoulder, "get used to it, James, they do this kind of thing on a daily basis. Harry here made sure the wife of one of his former employees got to take over his business after he got arrested and served time for embellishment, making sure her hours were coordinated with the child care she already had, and that she had all the benefits she could enjoy. Carol to this day, still visits and sends a card at Christmas, even if it has been over 10 years."


 


James looked shocked to hear that, but Harry waved it off, "I take care of my employees, what kind of boss would I be if I let that sleazebag sit on what was mostly her work, all the while he let an intern do all the work and left his wife for some other woman, when it was the wife that got him the loan, through me, to open his business."


 


Tony pressed a kiss to the other man's cheek, "a good one, love, but sadly all too many people are willing to look away as long as the money keeps flowing."


 


Harry frowned at that, "not in the businesses I own or sponsor, everyone knows I have very strict policies on that, plus it's in the contract I let them sign. They sign everything over to MI the moment they break any of those rules."


 


Tony whisteled, "I need to get an in, in those contracts you use, love, they could have spared me a lot of trouble."


 


Harry grinned, "as soon as we're married, what's mine is yours."


 


Tony's eyes only gleamed at that, making Rhodey growl, "enough about the lovey-dovey stuff, I swear, you've been together for almost 10 years and you both still act like you just fell in love. It's both endearing and sickening for everyone around you both."


 


Harry and Tony just laughed at their friend, who took it all in stride, leading James with him as he made his way to the car that was waiting for them. Introducing Happy to James, and greeting him properly, they got in and made their way back to the tower.


 


Where the next emergency was waiting for them. The moment they got out of the elevator, Teddy and Harley were upon them, stopping for one second to gush over James, before they were pulling the two over to Harley's room, telling the adults that something was wrong with Peter.


 


Harley bit his lip as he told them they had a field trip the day before, to Oscorp, and Peter had told him that something had bitten him. But this morning, after their usual sleepover - Ben and May were working the night shift from friday to saturday, Peter started getting a fever.


 


They had already called Remus up, but the man couldn't find anything except an accelerated heart rate, which was something quite usual for someone with a fever. So he had told the boys to let Peter sleep and to come and call an adult when something changed.


 


Something had indeed changed, as the moment Peter woke up, without the fever, he complained that the noises were too loud, the room too bright and he felt itchy all over.


 


With all of that, they hurried over to the young man on the bed, who hid his face in the first adult that touched him, in this case Harry. Who cast a silence spell over the teen, who sighed in relief when the background noise seemed to cancel out.


 


"Pete, can you tell me what happened?"


 


The teen groaned, "went to Oscorp, didn't like it, like MI and SI more. got bit by a spider, I think, woke up and everything was too much."


 


Harry looked at Tony, "isn't Oscorp researching genetic manipulation?"


 


Tony paled at that, took out his phone and called; "Bruce, I need you to get here asap, we think something bit Peter that is changing his DNA. Tell Greg I need you here now, you can fangirl over the newest project of the bioengineering lab tomorrow."


 


Harry ran a hand through Peter's hair, "Pete, remember Bruce?"


 


"Dr. Banner?"


 


"Yeah, Dr. Banner, he's coming up to take some of your blood, so we can find out what's wrong with you, alright."


 


Peter nodded, still with his face hidden in Harry's chest. The brit felt the teen's forehead and asked, "JARVIS, what's Peter's temperature now?"


 


"It's 90degF, Sir, hasn't been lower than that since he got in last night either."


 


Harry frowned, "That's exceptionally low for a human though, Peter, can you still move everything, feel every part of your body, or does it hurt anywhere?"


 


Peter shook his head, "head hurts though."


 


Harry hummed, "that's most likely the sensory overload, do you feel different anywhere else, hun?"


 


Peter shook his head, and groaned as it hurt his head more by just doing that.


 


While they waited for Bruce to arrive, which shouldn't be long, Harry and Tony introduced James to Teddy and Harley, both boys were in awe at seeing the man standing there, but were too worried for their friend, to actually ask questions, or fangirl over him like they would have been doing on any other day.


 


Tony and Rhodey exchanged looks, as soon as Peter was on the mend, James would be introduced to the Fearsome Four, especially once all four got into the zone that was reserved for gen Z kids. That even they weren't able to decipher, much to the teens amusement.


 


Bruce, as expected, arrived not long after, Remus and Dora on his heels. Remus clasped Tony and Rhodey on the shoulder, hugging Harry and the boys, before turning worried eyes onto the teen on the bed.


 


"I didn't think it was this bad."


 


Harry shook his head, "we think something at Oscorp bit him that is changing his DNA, which is why he's having this reaction. You did the right thing, Remus, you couldn't know."


 


Teddy hugged his dad, as the oldest of the kids, he also felt responsible that he didn't notice anything wrong with Peter, until he started running a fever. And even then, he assumed it was the flu or something like that. Not whatever this was.


 


Bruce took out a vial and went on to collect some of Peter's blood, standing after he did so.


 


"I'll get back to the lab and see what I can find. I'll call up as soon as possible, but the fact that he's awake and somewhat active gives me reason to suspect that whatever needed to happen already happened."


 


Tony suddenly started grinning, "let me know what you find on a molecular level too, will you Bruce, if I find out Oscorp has indeed been genetically altering animals, what's to say they haven't been doing so with humans. With all the enhanced popping out of the woodwork, some of them might even be created, and that is something we need to figure out and vring to the attention of the counsel."


 


Harry tilted an eyebrow, "and this has nothing to do with the fact that you don't like Norman Osborn and have been wanting to buy the company ever since before we were together. Even more so when they went into biotechnology, which is something we do too, just for different purposes - they want to weaponize it, while we use it for prosthetics and medical applications."


 


Tony pouted at that, "maybe, plus his son keeps trying to get an in with our boys, I don't know if I trust that. For all I know the kid is trying to steal my - our - research, and I wouldn't want that."


 


Harry sighed, "just because he's Norman's boy doesn't mean he'll do whatever his dad tells him too. If I remember correctly, you never listened to Howard."


 


Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times, before turning, much to the glee of Harley and Rhodey, who didn't even wait to start laughing at the genius.


 


With Tony silenced after his remark about Harry Osborn, Harley assured them that they all liked Harry, even if he was a rich kid, but then again so was Harley - even if he didn't flaunt it - but Harry had also not known anything about the genetically altered spiders in the labs.


 


Harley had asked, more as a joke, when Peter started getting ill, but now with the fact that Peter would most likely wake up with altered DNA, they had to prepare for what this would mean. And make sure Ben and May knew what would change in their lives.


 


Tony and Harry agreed to tell the couple when they came to get Peter after catching up on some sleep after the night shift,by then they hoped that Bruce would be able to tell them more on what they should expect with the teen.


 


With Peter falling back asleep, they turned to James, a sheepish look on both their faces.


 


"We're sorry we haven't been settling you in, that alright if we do so now? If you want, I can also call Charles already, he let us know he was free this weekend and would be delighted to come over. If you feel up to it."


 


James waved it off, "the kids needed you, so I don't mind in the slightest. As for the psychiatrist, I don't know. Could you tell me what kind of man he is?"


 


Before either of them could answer, Teddy started gushing about the Professor, "Professor X is amazing, he's always so kind and I know for a fact that everyone loves going to his classes for the fact that he's willing to listen to everyone who attends it. Plus he's really smart, he is a Professor after all, and he loves learning things, so at times you won't find him in the school, but at the university where he is learning for himself."


 


Harry snorted, he should have expected Teddy to speak about Charles with such high praise, ever since Teddy started there, Charles made sure everything went just fine for the godson of two of his friends. And the fact that both Tony and Harry were recognized as enhanced made it easier for the kids to believe that they could have a very bright future ahead of them. The counsel also helped with that, but knowing that two of the most influential and powerful businessmen were enhanced and still came out on top, was very great to see.


 


He added, "Charles is also a very kind and patient man, and an empath, so he can feel when people around him can't talk about something. He'll never push further than people are able to, and with empathic abilities, he also has psychic abilities, so chances are he'll be able to just take away the trigger words and make it so that they don't have the same meaning as they have now."


 


James hummed at that, "that's really something."


 


Tony grinned, "we know, we've known Charles for quite some time, yet all he wants to do is help people. And with the counsel now seeing the added benefit of enhanced in the community, they are trying to make sure that they can't be discriminated against, like before, for the only reason that they are enhanced."


 


James just looked shocked, "he's a psychic, those exist?"


 


Harry laughed, "I forgot you've been out of it for a while, yeah they exist, same with other enhanced, in fact with the serum that you've been injected with, I don't think that you'll get noticed all that much anymore. After all there are people out there who get super strength, or speed, or the ability to jump really far. all of these abilities have been occurring naturally in some people, even if no one is sure how it is that some people become enhanced through a genetic mutation, and why others aren't."


 


James waved a hand, "that's going way above my head anyway. I'm just glad that I won't be standing out all that much. I could keep a low profile in Romania, because no one interacts all that much with each other. But here, I won't be staying only in the apartment, after all, I'm back in New York, I hope to be able to see how much the city has changed."


 


Harry and Tony just smiled, "alright, we'll show you to your apartment, and introduce you to anyone that happens to be here."


 


Turning to their friend, they asked, "Rhodey, can you stay here while we show James to his apartment, we'll bring him back so you can arrange everything with him concerning the army."


 


The man nodded, turning to Harley and Teddy when the two of them took a seat next to him at the table, both of the teens talking a mile a minute, asking all kinds of questions to their uncle Rhodey now that he was here again. He didn't come by all that much as he had quite the active role in the military. The brass did try to make sure he had some time to work with the counsel and enhanced; now and again, but sadly those assignments didn't bring him around to New York all that much.


 


While the teens were keeping Rhodey company, and with Remus still in their kitchen so the two men could keep an eye out for Peter, they meanwhile led James to the 4th floor beneath theirs, where an apartment had been readied for him.


 


Harry opened the door, revealing a rather simple and spartan looking apartment, which James still thought was about double the size of the one he rented in Romania. But this was being given to him, free of charge.


 


"I can't accept this, this is at least double of what I rented in Romania, and you're just giving this to me."


 


Tony hummed and shrugged his shoulders, "still yours, we don't need rent for this, especially not when we can help friends with it. All that needs to be done is ordering the furniture, as we had no idea what you wanted.


 


But you can just tell JARVIS what it is that you want from furniture and he'll order it. The beauty of online shopping."


 


James tilted an eyebrow, he had heard them talking to a JARVIS, and hear a voice talking back to them, but that still didn't explain who or what JARVIS was, "and just who is JARVIS."


 


A voice from the ceiling answered, "I am JARVIS, Sergeant Barnes, Sir made me as a teen, and now I am the aI that controls this building as well as any other under MI or SI. Besides that I am also integrated into all of Sir's vehicles. You can tell me what it is you need for your apartment and I'll express order it."


 


James gaped at the ceiling, before looking at Tony, "I'm starting to see why HYDRA kept you on the do not engage list. Especially knowing you have an AI looking over you."


 


Harry started laughing at that, much to Tony's embarrassment, the Brit added, "That might be because when he got kidnapped years back, he managed to get out by building the first ever version of his iron man suit, with only scraps that the terrorist had. I know he got put on a lot of watch lists with that."


 


Tony grumbled, mostly because that had been the reason he had appeared on SHIELD's list too, and that had ended all that well.


 


Harry just smiled, pressing a kiss to the other man's cheek, "it was the start of all of this, with you getting the suit designed, we managed to slowly work towards everything we're still working on right now. And look at all we accomplished so far, dealing with SHIELD for a little while was just something that had to happen."


 


Tony grumbled again, but nodded, "still doesn't mean I have to like it. If they had neve butted in, and were honest about the tesseract, we wouldn't have had to deal with the invasion."


 


At James' look, the both of them sat down to explain everything that had happened in the last 12 years, both from their perspective and from the world's. Starting with Tony's kidnapping and ending with the latest developments with the enhanced counsel, and the way all of this had impacted the world in a positive way.


 


James whistled, "and neither of you thought it a good idea to talk about this on TV or somewhat, it would get a whole lot of positive attention, both to the queer community, the enhanced community and I think people would look forward to whatever else the two of you would be willing to tell them."


 


---


 


While the couple was settling James in, telling him after their tale on how to order for his apartment, Rhodey and Remus were entertaining the two teens in the penthouse. Either of them was going to look at Peter, who was still sleeping in the guest bedroom. The boy's temprature hadn't gone up, but he seemed to just be sleeping really well, hopefully feeling better as soon as he woke up.


 


They really hoped they would be able to explain this all to Ben and May, and see what they could do so that no one else would have the same thing happening to them. For all that they could deal with whatever happened now, they were sure other families wouldn't be so easily accepting of this.


 


When Tony, Harry and James got back to the penthouse, the oldest of the three still in awe at everything he had been seeing, hearing and experiencing, just took a seat next to Rhodey, seemingly happy to have someone talking normally to him, helping him go over everything that he needed to fill out or sign for the army higher ups.


 


As he never expected to be in this position, he did need someone who had some experience in this to explain it to him. Not that Rhodey had that much experience on this, but he was a General, and as such had helped multiple of his men when they filled this out as they were honorably discharged.


 


James would be a special case, as he was the longest known prisoner of war, one that had willingly come back to the US, even after not knowing for sure what would happen here. He was after all missing quite a lot of memories from actually lucid times as the winter soldier, and even less from the time before all that.


 


While they were dealing with that, Tony and Harry were waiting for Ben and May to come up, they would need to talk over whatever it was that was going on with Peter. Bruce had sent an update their way, that he could see Peter's DNA changing in front of his eyes, but couldn't figure out what was happening with it.


 


For now, they were going to be honest with Ben and May, and help the couple with whatever they needed done. Even more, they were thinking about helping the couple financially too, if Peter had a higher metabolism or anything, they would need it. Even with both of them working shifts, neither made a whole lot of money. They could live comfortably, but they didn't have all the luxurity that Tony and Harry could afford for themselves.


 


To make sure that Peter could develop these new abilities, and have others looking over him, they were going to offer him - Ben and May - an internship to SI, and MI in relation to that, so none of them had to worry about Peter trying to figure this all out on his own.


 


When May and Ben finally arrived, still looking tired, they were in for quite a shock when Harley explained to them what had happened on the school trip, followed with what had happened when Peter woke up and what they found out from the tests Bruce took of the sample of Peter's blood.


 


They were happy that they wouldn't be alone in this, even if Ben wasn't all that happy to just accept money from the couple they were friends with. The internship on the other hand, was something they supported 100%, if only for the fact that this would be great on Peter's resume, and could be communicated to the school, so he could use those internship hours for his own hours later in his career.



When Peter did wake up, all of the adults present were happy to note that he wasn't suffering from sensory overload anymore. If anything, the light around was still a little bright, but other than that it seemed that the episode was over.


 


Ben and May especially were over the moon that it seemed that whatever had happened, was only a minor episode and wouldn't affect his day-to-day life.


 


With the way they seemed to be convinced that because it was so now, it wouldn't show up again. Neither Tony and Harry had the heart to tell the couple that it would appear more often, and might even give other changes.


 


After all, they trusted Bruce when the man said that he could see signs in Peter's blood that the spider bite was affecting his DNA. But for now, Peter would go home with his aunt and uncle, and come back on Tuesdays and Thursdays after school, together with the weekends when May and or Ben worked a night shift. Starting up his internship, much to his joy.


 


Harry and Tony promised each other to look after the teen, just to make sure that nothing was changed, all the while Ben and May hadn't seemed to comprehend that this wasn't something that would go away anymore. Peter, like an enhanced person, would have a different kind of DNA from now on, and the severity that it had changed him would have to be seen.


 


As the Parkers left the penthouse, Harley and Teddy waved after the other teen before they crashed into the couch. Harley taking a seat in between his parents, for all that he was almost 16 now, he still clung to the both of them when they left for a longer period of time. Even if he knew that everything would turn alright.


 


When he turned 15, when he had been with them for just under 5 years, they had sat him and Teddy down and told them that nothing would ever happen to them, nothing could happen to them, not unless they let it happen. They had even introduced both of them, and any other family member that wanted, to Vanessa and Wade.


 


Remus and Dora were the only ones who just rolled their eyes and chuckled as they told Harry that he was the person with the strangest kind of luck, luck that seemed to have rubbed off on Tony if this situation was any indication.


 


Pepper, already having known everything, just hugged them close, happy that even if everything else came to pass they would have each other, and Vanessa and Wade. Because she knew just how much Tony and Harry hated to be alone, so at least that wasn't something that could happen.


 


But anyway, back to present times, Harley sat in between his parents, with Teddy cuddling up to Harry's other side, looking at the movie that had been put on, none of them paying attention, but enjoying the time spent with family nonetheless.


 


Remus, Dora and Andy joined them as soon as the two women had cooked, giving out plates to all those on the couch. All of the boys and men taking them gratefully and eating the amazing meal. No matter what happened, they tried to make sure that they had these little family nights. And now with Pepper and Happy preparing to move in, it would be an even more recurring occurrence.


 


---


 


Taking what James had told them into account, Tony had Pepper contact Christine with the offer of an interview with the couple that didn't want to be interviewed. To say that the reporter didn't jump at the chance was an understatement.


 


They did the interview in one of the unused suits in the penthouse, which had been turned into somewhat of a studio just for this occasion. SI and MI's PR staff were present too, hoping to get some great shots to put onto the website, as they suspected that the moment this interview made it to the public it would have a huge impact.


 


Now, two weeks after the interview it would be airing on national TV, CBS having paid a lot of money to be able to air the interview. Of course Christine true to her nature had made sure that nothing could be cut and had threatened bodily harm to the people at the TV station should they do so. The fact that the majority of SI's lawyers were present for that meeting made sure the message came across too.


 


Neither Tony nor Harry had the urge to watch it, they would hear soon enough how it was received. They wanted to concentrate on Peter some more, seeing as the teen had reported that he had started noticing changes.


 


He was stronger, faster and more agile than he had been before, not only that, but he had taken over certain attributes of an arachnid, as such he could climb on walls and ceilings without much trouble.


 


As with Harley, and his Iron Lad suit, and Teddy with his half-werewolf attributes and magic, they trained the teens together, for the scenario that something would happen soon. They knew that the threat of Thanos would coon be upon them. But that didn't mean they wanted anyone under 18 on the field, in fact they wanted as little people as possible on the field when the time came. 


 


For now however, their efforts in trying to prepare for what was coming was doubling, as more and more people were volunteering for the task force, even more so since about 6 months ago a kind of pot burst out of the earth in Minnesota and started growing and growing, seemingly absorbing everything in its path.


 


As soon as it appeared, it also disappeared, leaving everyone and everything around the starting point covered in what was likened to ectoplasm or something like that.


 


They had been called to the place of the phenomenon, but in the end nothing could be done except cleanup which they had helped with in any way they could. 


 


---


 


A few days after the interview aired, the couple had been walking around in New York, when their senses pinged to let them know that something was happening. When they looked up, they saw what seemed to be a woman falling, Harry positioned himself under her and stopped her descent, catching her before she could smack into the floor.


 


She had fainted however, and the man that came down next had them on guard, as he didn't look like someone who was able to be reasoned with. The fact that his eyes were inlaid in black only verifying that fact.


 


However when three more men touched down, the other man turned and disappeared. 


 


Looking at the tallest of them, both Harry and Tony smiled, "Stephen."


 


Their friend however was looking at the woman Harry was slowly lowering in his arms, his eyes telling them that he didn't expect her to survive. Harry frowned, especially when he felt her pulse easily.


 


Gathering her in his arms, Harry smiled at Stephen, "join us in the tower? We can look her over, and from the look in your eyes, as well as in the eyes of your companions, you all have questions."


 


Stephen nodded and fell into pace with Tony while Harry lead their little group, making quick work in getting to the tower as soon as possible, especially with the way that people were stopping and staring at who it was that was standing there. Plus, the woman in Harry's arms wasn't helping.


 


As they turned a corner, he could hear one of the men hiss at Stephen, "you know Tony Stark!?"


 


He and Tony snorted and Stephen answered with a roll of his eyes, "obviously, Wong, I thought you did a background check on me. You would know that Tony and I mingled in the same circles, we became friends not long before Harry took America by storm."


 


Harry cooed at that, making Stephen glare at the younger man, "it's true and don't try to deny it, Black! I swear, life as we know it changed the moment you took a step on American soil, and going by everything that happened the last year, things haven't cooled down yet."


 


Harry shrugged, "not totally my fault, Tony is just as much at fault, and to be honest trouble just has a way of finding me, no matter what I try to do to avoid it."


 


Tony snorted at that, but nodded at the statement, "I could lock him up in the tower and that still wouldn't keep him or me safe, he really attracts trouble like a magnet, I'm still trying to figure out if it's some law of nature or not."


 


Once in the tower, they all seemed to relax, even more so when Harry laid the mysterious woman down on the couch, feeling once again for a pulse and feeling one strong and even under his fingers.


 


"She seems fine, did something happen?"


 


Stephen nodded, "Kaecilius hit her with something, she also seemed to be aware that this would be her last moment. she told me that the fall from the building is the last one she ever saw of herself."


 


Harry sighed, "she's been able to see her own future then, and wasn't able to see what would happen beyond that point, as she keeps herself back."


 


The last man, the one who hadn't spoken scoffed, "what could you possibly know. She is the ancient one, the sorcerer supreme who has looked over this world for millennials."


 


Harry hummed, "that might be, but even powerful beings have an end, and if she is so convinced that this was hers, I don't know if she'll wake up. The mind is a powerful tool, should you know how to use it."


 


The same man scoffed, glaring at the still unconscious woman, "she's a hypocrite that's what she is."


 


Harry tilted his head, "why, because of what she found out for herself and warned you against, or the fact that she used the same spells as Kaelicius did?"


 


The man was shocked to be asked this question, but Harry continued, "if what you say is true, then she has been around for a long time, learning all that she could most likely. Those things also include those things that you find are not the right things to teach others. Kaelicius is a prime example of that, his eyes don't spell a lot of good for his future, and the way he was willing to sign his very soul over to another being isn't something to be done likely."


 


Stephen gaped at his friend as Harry said this, "how do you know all this?"


 


A female voice answered, "he doesn't, but I do, and as my favoured he can get to this knowledge too."


 


The three sorcerer's looked up to see Vanessa standing there, the same one that scoffed at Harry scoffed at her, "you don't look like much, miss, so excuse me for not believing a word you say."


 


Harry and Tony took a step to the side as Vanessa tilted her head and looked at the dark skinned man, "I don't look like a lot, yet everyone longs for me at some point in their life. I am there at the beginning, and at the end, for everything in the multiverse. I was here first, and I will be here last, so yes, I might not look like much now, mortal, but that can change in a heartbeat."


 


As she said this, Vanessa shed her human disguise, leaving her standing there as Lady Death, looking a now deadly pale sorcerer in the eye.


 


"Do I still look like 'not much', sorcerer?"



The man shook his head, sweat beading on his forehead, only giving a deep sigh as Vanessa donned her human visage again and turned to the woman on the couch, a soft smile on her face.


 


Harry looked at her, "her time is up..."


 


Vanessa nodded, to the horror of the others in the room, "she had been waiting a long time to be able to rest, so I wouldn't let her stay, even if others wanted to. She found her successor, it's time for her to rest."


 


Harry and Tony took a step back, seeing the woman's chest stop as her breathing did too, the men at the front, Stephen especially weep as they realised what was occuring. The ancient one would be no more, and as such Earth would be without a sorcerer supreme.


 


Vanessa on the other hand, looked at the man in the middle, "there is a new sorcerer supreme, Stephen Strange, for no other will be good enough for the eye of Agamotto. She knew her time was up the moment the artifact, and the infinity stone it holds, accepted you as its wielder."


This chapter and the 2 following will be a bit of a filler. But, the Infinity War arc starts after it :)


The very first time Peter joined Harley and Teddy in training for the inevitable, Harry and Tony were shocked to find out that the youngest boy had gotten quite a few traits from the spider that had bitten him. Not only was he capable of climbing walls and ceilings, he also stuck to objects, or objects stuck to him - sometimes it was funny to see.


 


Harley and Teddy, as teenage boys did, had a blast finding out just what Peter was capable of. Something neither Tony and Harry had a problem with, they were there to keep an eye on things. Plus, it wasn't intended for anyone to fight in the battle that was to come, but they believed in better being prepared instead of not being prepared at all.


 


Which was a sentiment shared with people around the world, as more and more people joined the enhanced counsel, or registered, sometimes with a codename for the sole purpose of being ready for whatever came next. In the interview by Christine Everheart, Tony had been very straight forward with what he had seen on the other side of the wormhole.


 


After talking it over with the president and the main body of the counsel it was decided to share all that with the world, if only to make it clear to all of them just what they were preparing for.


 


The fact that a lot of people were taking this rather well, also meant that they were more relaxed at handling all that was coming next. They had people closer to them, Stephen being the latest to be included, who knew more than they let others know. But they needed others in on the whole Thanos thing. 


 


Thanos; they might be able to handle between the three of them, the Chosen of Death, but if he invaded with a whole army, they needed everyone there that they could convince to be there. Not that they liked that a lot of people had to fight, but they were realistic in the fact that this wasn't something they could avoid.


 


Looking at the boys play-wrestling on the mats, Harry got a far away look on his face, one that made Tony look at his husband, a wide grin on his face.


 


"What's with the smile, Green Eyes?"


 


Harry grinned at Tony, angling his eyes down that little bit, before speaking, "just realising that I have been in America for almost 13 years, Teddy is 17 - he was just 5 when I moved here and it seems like it was just yesterday."


 


He looked at the boys again, before continuing, "But being in America also brought me you, made me meet you and fall in love with you. It made us adopt a boy that needed a family so badly after everything that happened to him and I don't regret a single moment of it."


 


Glancing at the matching rings on their hands, he added, "and in the end, it made it possible for me to marry the man of my dreams. To build even more of a life with you, I didn't think that was possible after everything, yet here we are."


 


Tony also looked at the rings on their fingers, a soft smile on his face. After the video of their proposal made it online, the whole world was privy to the fact that they would be tying the knot somewhere in the future. And as far as they knew, they were still waiting for the wedding of the century.


 


Their closest friends and family however, knew that about 6 months after the proposal, Vanessa married them in the hall of the Black mansion back in La, which had been transformed into a true picture perfect location for their Special Day.


 


With Vanessa conducting the ceremony, and the fact that all of the attendees were made aware of just which title Harry and Tony held, people from beyond the veil were able to join them for this special day. The look on Rhodey's face when he saw the powers of Death in the works was amazing too.


 


But true to character, his best friend, and best man, rolled with whatever Tony threw at him just as he had done at every previous occasion something similar had happened.


 


Pepper on the other hand was beaming from her place next to Harry, grinning at a dark haired and grey eyed man that hadn't let go of Remus ever since he appeared. When he found out this was Sirius, Harry's godfather and the reason Remus and Dora were a couple in the first place, he hadn't waited long to start talking to the man.


 


Sirius, together with who he now knew was Harry's dad, had looked him up and down, before giving Harry a thumbs up. The redhead next to his husband had giggled, her green eyes looking knowingly light in them, and showing Tony just where his beloved had gotten his Green Eyes from.


 


---


 


The biggest shock to both him, and the people he had seen, had been the fact that Vanessa had taken the time to search the afterlife for his own parents, and almost parents, so to see Jarvis, Ana and his parents standing there at one point had him in tears.


 


After everything that had happened, he was so glad to have a chance to talk it over with his father, and to apologize for being such a difficult son, and for always assuming the worst from his father.


 


His old man on the other hand, had apologized for everything, even telling him he was beyond disgusted for what Steve Rogers had done and said to his son. He never believed the man in stars and stripes would be capable of that. But it would seem he was wrong.


 


In the end they had hugged, and forgiven each other, before Tony went on to hug his mom really tightly, and hug and thank Ana and Jarvis. Before grinning like a loon when he introduced his parents, and godparents, to his husband.


 


---


 


Tony grinned as the memory faded, pressing a kiss to their now linked hands, "time does fly fast when you're having fun, Green Eyes, all the better, because I can't think of a better person to spend it with."


 


On the mat, the three boys were protesting half-heartedly, telling their parents/uncles to stop with the lovey-dovey stuff. It was all taken in good fun, neither of the teens would want the couple in front of them to be sad, as together they were quite a force to be reckoned on. 


 


With the remissing done, the two men entered the fray, telling the boys the best stands for hand-to-hand. And while Harry was helping Teddy and Peter, Tony was helping Harley with his Iron Lad suit, calibrating it for the seemingly hundredth time.


 


They spend most of the afternoon like this, only taking small breaks now and again, before continuing with as much vigor as they started. It gave all of them hope that with enough force everything would be fine before the inevitable confrontation came around.


 


---


 


They had noticed something was wrong with their adoptive son a few weeks after Peter's first internship day had come and gone. Harley was prone to come home from school in a bad mood, sometimes even cursing, but shutting up the moment he was sure his parents could hear.


 


But Tony and Harry were well aware that something had been going on, and while they found it odd that Harley kept this from them, they were sure there had to be a good reason for the now 16 year old to do so.


 


The next time Peter was at their home, but Teddy hadn't come back yet, the couple had looked at the boys and asked, "is everything alright?"


 


While Peter just beamed at them and nodded, Harley shook his head, making Peter's grin fade as the younger boy looked at the ground instead of at the faces of who he saw as his favourite uncles.


 


This in itself made both adults frown and look from their son to their favourite nephew.


 


"Alright, so what is going on?"


 


Peter opened and closed his mouth, but never said anything, until Harley bristled and said, "there's this kid at school that doesn't want to believe Peter has an internship at SI. In fact, he's been on his cap for all things all because he brought his way into the school, but Peter got a scholarship and has amazing grades."


 


Their son gave a sigh, "he doesn't even believe that I'm your son, he kept calling me; your charity project as no respectable person would want to adopt an orphan. He keeps saying all these things, and with Peter's enhancements he's scared to do anything back, but the guy doesn't let up. Not even when we report him, seeing as his parents fund most of the school, so nothing ever comes from it."


 


Harry and Tony frowned as they looked at the teens in front of them, "and this is coming from a school with a very strict anti-bullying policy?"


 


Harley scoffed, "as long as the bullies are scholarship kids or those with really bad grades, as long as it's from children whose parents fund them, or who get prestigious grades, they look the other way."


 


Harry frowned even harder, "that's bullshit, anti-bullying is just that, it shouldn't matter whose kid it is. I mean, they could lose some of the greatest minds of their time and for what."


 


Tony shook his head, and put an arm over Harry's shoulder, when Peter spoke up, "no one believes I have an internship either, not even the teachers. I mean, I put in all the paperwork and May was with me when we did so, but I think they misplaced it or something."


 


Tony frowned, "what kind of school misplaces paperwork like that, or treats the kids like that. I can't believe we actually thought this would be a good school."


 


Harry shrugged, "they do have an advanced program, and they accept internships as credit hours, which is what we do for both of them, and plan on offering Ned if he wants to."


 


Tony hummed, "I also think we should go and have a talk with the school if this is how they deal with everything, I don't think we want Harley, Peter or Ned to be bullied just because of what they don't flaunt, or don't do. Besides, This kid Harley talks about reminds me of the bullies in college, all bark and no bite. They think they can intimidate you, until something comes along that makes them realise just how much they fucked up."


 


Harry nudged Tony, "watch your language."


 


Tony rolled his eyes, "trust me Green Eyes, they hear a lot worse from school, TV or on the internet. I'm not really known as someone who is proper in language, they are used to it."


 


When both teens nodded at that, Harry just sighed, and waved a hand to get Tony to continue. The older of the two looked at the teens, "so seeing as you're staying here for the weekend, Pete, I think we'll be driving you both to school, if only to just have a talk at this school.


 


I don't like any of what I hear, nor the fact that everything they promise parents that enter their kids is only applied in certain cases, does not sit well with me."


 


Peter gaped at them, "you'd do that?"


 


Harry tilted an eyebrow, "why wouldn't we?"


 


Peter flushed, "because you're both so busy with so much stuff between MI, SI and the counsel, I didn't think either of you had time for something like this."


 


Harley grinned, "they don't mind, they would drop everything they are busy with if something is going on with either of us, or Ned, they're both just that kind of people. you better get used to it."


 


The weekend came and went, and for once Peter and Harley were looking forward to a school day, if only because of what would happen with the people that either didn't believe them or bullied them outright.


 


The only other people knowing of what would be going down was Teddy, who had been as pissed off as his uncles had been, and Ned, so he was prepared for what was going to go down on Monday.


 


The Filipino boy had been speechless when Harley and Peter told him how Harry and Tony had reacted to the bullying problem. He already respected the men that were raising one of his best friends, but to hear they were willing to put everything on hold just to come to Midtown and deal with this was something else.


 


Monday morning saw both Tony and Harry still seated at the breakfast table with food laid out for Peter and Harley.


 


"Pete, we called May and Ben to explain the situation to them too. While they were disappointed you never came to them with these problems, they get the why well enough. They also gave us full clearance to act like your guardian in this case; no matter what happens now. 


 


Especially given the fact that we were added on the person to call list, just as they were on Harley's. If that too was 'lost' I'm going to let Pepper lose to these people."


 


Harry snorted at that, while he himself never got around to having a PA, he did know that Pepper most of the time made sure that everything he still needed to do was either neatly arranged on his desk, or mailed him with a to do list.


 


Even if she wasn't a PA anymore, some things just never changed. Plus Tony went through PA's at the same rate he had been doing before Pepper, it didn't help that a lot of the applicants still believed they could get him into their beds. Those were the ones to be fired within the day.


 


Right now, they were on someone who was dubbing as both their PA's, but wasn't officially instituted in the position. Jennifer Walters was Bruce's cousin, who had been given a blood transfusion of Bruce's blood and was able to transform into her own version of the Hulk. 


 


When she had lost her job the first time she lost control, no other law office would hire her. Leading Bruce to contact Tony and Harry to ask for a job for his cousin, even if it was temporarily.


 


That had been 6 months ago, with things going just great between them. Jennifer was an amazing woman, who didn't have a lot of chances, but took everyone that was handed to her. Same was to be said about this. She was never late, did her work and didn't have a problem with staying late - especially not at the pay she was getting now.


 


She had also been the person they let know she didn't need to come in today, that they had something personal to take care of. Last they had heard, Bruce had also put in a day of leave, meaning the cousins were having a family day.


 


Looking at the teens sitting at the table with them, Harry grinned, "alright boys, this is how we're going to do this. Tony is driving you to school in the car Happy normally uses, you'll both get out and we'll follow not long after.


 


If I have an idea about this bully, he'll be on you two the moment you get out of the car, so he'll be in for a surprise and a half when he finds us standing there."


 


Peter just gaped at them, not knowing what to say. Finally his problems should be over, and he will have these men to thank for. It was one of the reasons he never told Ben and May, because the consequences of them interfering were more likely to be to his disadvantage. He was after all a scholarship student, his guardians didn't contribute to the school in any way, and as such he was disposable - no matter how great his grades were.


 


He made sure to tell May and Ben that, as the one time he had tried to do something about Flash on his own, that had been the threat issued to him. That they didn't need him in their school, and he was disposable.


 


However, the recognition of Tony Stark and Harry Black, they would kill to get that, and with the way they had been treating him and Harley, they would never be able to earn it. If anything other parents would know just how Midtown went about those that spoke badly about the children of their financial backers.


 


Tony and Harry, seeing the relieved look in Peter's eyes, looked at Harley, their son telling them what had happened the one time the younger boy had gone against Flash and the repercussions he had gotten - as the victim - because he was a scholarship student.


 


Harry sneered, what a school did that to its students. He wouldn't even be surprised that there were other things swept under the rug, all to protect their financial backers, as it was much easier to suppress people who were already there on a scholarship and wouldn't be able to compete with rich parents who were willing to throw money at lawyers and PR people to make it seem that the victim in all of this was the perpetrator.


 


Tony frowned, "JARVIS, get me a list of all the children expelled from Midtown in an altercation with people who back Midtown, if we're doing this, we're doing this right."


 


"Of course, Sir. Shall I warn Mrs. Hogan that she should expect you to cause quite the PR scandal."


 


Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times, "you do that, even if for once it's not one of my scandals we're talking about."


 


"Of course, sir."


 


---



While Pepper was initially against whatever was going on, she had been thinking about sending Colin to Midtown in a few years, but hearing what had been going on behind the scenes had her backing whatever Tony and Harry were planning on doing.


 


After all, she knew about Harry's childhood, as well as all the work he did and still tried to do against such problems. To hear that the school they sent Harley to was just the same, it hurt her, thinking back about the scrawny boy Harry had been when they first met.


 


To know that Peter and Harley had been subjected to bullying just the same, it hurt her, in ways that she didn't think was possible. She also had to scoff at the fact that Midtown kept repeating their anti-bullying policy, which if she had to believe the boys was only a given for scholarship kids, or kids whose parents didn't fund their precious school.


 


Seeing the list Tony had printed out, had her cooking in rage, all these people, brilliant minds all of their own, were kicked out of this 'prestigious' school, all because they were telling the truth, but the other party had enough money to make the problem go away.


 


"Shall I work with Jennifer, Dora and Maria to recruit these people, I don't think they will have the best chances with all of this happening, if we can help them in this way, they will still have a chance."


 


Both Tony and Harry nodded at that, giving her the green light to go about doing that.


 


Looking at the clock had them rushing to the car and driving to Midtown, the two men in the car almost vibrating in their seats at the scandal they would unleash on this school. With the help of JARVIS they were able to get in touch with parents of kids who didn't have the backing of two of World's Mightiest Heroes (and wealthiest businessmen) to get permission to also include their story in whatever happened now.


 


Arriving at the school, they quickly realised that the boys had been set up, and were waited on by a group of boys led by who no doubt has to be Flash.


 


They can see Peter flinch the moment the other boy yells something at them, a cocky grin on the face of the bully, as he takes a step towards Harley and Peter. When he readies himself to push either one, he finds his wrist in Tony's grip. The older man looked unimpressed at the boy now palling and shaking at the fact that Tony Stark was standing across from him.


 


"I'll ask you this once, what was it that you said to my son?"


 


Flash paled a little more, especially once he recognized Harry standing with the boys, an arm over each of their shoulders, looking just as unimpressed as his husband with this teenage boy that seemed to think he would be getting away with whatever he had said and wanted to do.


 


Flash babbelend something, but it was enough to get Tony sneering at a teenager. So Harry interfered, getting the boy's wrist out of his husband's grip and steering him to their son and pseudo-nephew.


 


"He is not worth whatever it is you wanted to do with him, honey."


 


Tony grinds his teeth, before whispering something to Harry which had the Brit palling, "he said what."


 


Tony just nods but keeps on walking, lest they both turn around and take out their anger on a teenaged boy who most likely only emulated what he saw his parents do. He couldn't touch the son, but he sure as hell could make it difficult for his parents.


 


Entering the school, conversation halted as people seemed to realise who was standing there, with the same boys that claimed to know them. Within moments, the principal was standing in front of them.


 


Trying to make small talk and assuring them that these delinquents were punished for using their names in such a way. The fact that he hadn't even asked them why they were even here, but assumed had the adults bristling. Especially as they felt Peter slinking and Harley tense up.


 


Harry cleared his throat, "that's odd, because I was sure Harley's paperwork stated that we're his adoptive parents, just as Peter stated that we're registered as next of kin, and that both boys have an internship at MI, with exchange clauses to MI.


 


Yet, here you are, already assuming that I, and Tony, want these boys punished for an act neither of them committed. And for what, because they don't come from a rich family, or because we don't support this rotten, bully infested school that's so full of asskissers that the actual great students don't get a chance at succeeding as they get kicked out once they make a problem of the bullying and downright disgusting preference treatment going on."


 


The principal swallowed thickly, "I don't know what these boys have told you, Mr. Black."


 


"Lord Black, and if you want to be full that's Lord Potter-Black-Peverell."


 


The man looked at him, the sweat rolling down his forehead, obviously not knowing what he needed to say to turn this in his favor.


 


"Suddenly mute? Here's what you're going to do, you're going to call Eugeen Tompson parents and tell them to get here yesterday, after that you're going to sit in on a meeting you really don't want to be in. Are we clear?"


 


He stammered that he couldn't just ask that of these people, making Harry turn, "alright kids whose parents here, who are not a financial backer, have had to drop everything to get here so they can hear just what a backwards school this was?"


 


More than a few hands got shot up in the ear, with Tony adding in the names of people of expelled children's parents, those that had given them permission at least, but their set up was clear. They were calling them out on their favouritism.


 


Harry turned back, "I'd get to calling, Principal, before I go there personally."



          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


In the end Mr. and Mrs. Thompson did come to the school, even if it was with a thundercloud above their head. Their noses into the air as if whatever was being said about their little angel couldn't possibly be true.


 


Going by the way they dressed and the way they behaved, both Tony and Harry could see that people couldn't win. Especially if they were just a working class family that had to use a scholarship to get their child into the school in the first place.


 


The look on their faces when they saw just who was waiting for them, had both of them palling; after all both Harry and Tony were known around the world. Even more so in America, and in New York.


 


To see the power couple sitting in front of them, a cold look in both of their eyes, they could see the other couple's eyes going to the boys next to them. He saw the wife pale even more, she obviously recognized Harley and Peter; which meant that they had spoken the truth all along.


 


Tony stood, his business mask on and a sharp smile on his face, extending a hand to Mr. Thompson, "Mr. Thompson, I presume."


 


As the man shook, with a weak as hell handshake at that, and sweat dripping from his forehead, Tony continued, "we, that is my husband and I, we're here to talk to you about you son, who has been harassing our son and charge. I assume you have an ilking what it is like to have a child that is being bullied."


 


As he said this, they could see the sweat beginning to drip in earnest, they were being called out on their lie that they had tried to sell, and had succeeded even in court, just to make sure that the people Flash didn't like wouldn't be in his school anymore.


 


With working class families, this might be a good solution (if that was your definition of good) but against Tony Stark and Harry Black, this wasn't something that would stick as both men were leagues above both of them in pay grade - and in the kind of lawyer they could hire.


 


Harry stood, "here's what we're going to do, your son will issue a public apology and we won't make a point of this. If we hear that his attitude hasn't improved, he is ready to hear from our lawyers."


 


The other couple almost fell over themselves in agreeing to that, just to make sure that this wouldn't come out. That they could save names in the dawn of literal justice. They would find out that neither Tony and Harry were planning on letting this go just yet, but they would for the Thompson couple.


 


As they left, they turned back to the principal, "you'll be hearing from our lawyers, Principal, we aren't all that set up with the way our boys were treated. Not only that, but the obvious bias in favor of the rich kids, and whose parents sponsor this school is honestly disgusting.


 


You're a school, but you're toying with children's education like it's a gambling game. You single handedly made sure that bright minds had to do with a lot less, and can't achieve their dreams, all to protect a bully with rich parents."


 


With that they ushered the boys out of their own seats and into the hallways, telling both of them to go to class anyway, but to let them know if anything happened. Neither man had the mind of just letting this go, and they would take legal actions not only for their boys, but also for all of the other children that had been the dupe of this school moral system.


 


Hugging Peter and Harley once more, they waited outside of the classroom as the boys entered, only to throw the door open as the teacher didn't let either say why they were late to his class. Threatening them with expulsion just for that, the fact that no one said something made them think that this had happened before.


 


Harry cleared his throat, "boys, I changed my mind, we're going home. I heard of another better school upstate that would be a much better choice instead of this dump. I mean seriously; that teachers are allowed to talk to their students that way.


 


Ned, you're welcome to join, I'm sure I can call you mother to ask her if she'd mind."


 


The Philippine boy stood just as fast, gathering his things and following Tony and Harry out of the classroom, the teacher still gaping after them, not able to say even one word. Students all around took out their phones to either text their friends about what happened, or to take to Social Media to tell the world how badass Tony Stark and Harry Black were.


 


---


 


As they suspected, Ned's mother didn't have any issue with Ned leaving with Tony and Harry, relieved to hear that something was going to be done with the school that had made her baby so anxious. The only reason Ned was still there was because he too was a scholarship student, and leaving meant they would lose that.


 


Harry and Tony had assured her that if this would still be the case, that they would cover the cost. But they were of the belief that either of the boys staying in that toxic environment would not be good for their development.


 


As this was going on, all the teachers and other schoolmates could do was look on through the window as Tony Stark and Harry Black left the school, not even coming to do something for the school, but instead taking a stance in favor of the students, and the middle class or lower students at that.


 


Several people texted those that had been forced to leave the school, to let them know that something was finally being done about what had made them leave. That they were certain that this time they would stand a chance of being proven innocent.


 


In all, the students, or most of them at least, of Midtown, held a new found respect for Tony Stark and Harry Black after that day. Even more so when mere weeks after this had happened, Midtown had been called to court to explain just what was happening in their school, and how they could have let it happen that rich kids were able to get away with everything, while less fortunate had to just lay down with the fact that all their dreams would be put on hold - only because of the fact that they had spoken against either the school, or against a child with richer parents then they had.


 


In fact groups on the internet called out to them in the best way, thanking them for helping those of middle class and lower, who were often discarded anyway because of their income (or their parents income).


 


Contacting the other kids that had been expelled from Midtown, but still tried to pursue academics, were asked if they perhaps wanted an internship at SI or MI, they had their internship program on point anyway. So saw no reason why they couldn't offer it to teens and young adults who had a lot of setbacks.


 


---


 


Once back home however, both Harley and Peter hugged them very tightly, thanking them for doing this. For standing up to what had been going on in Midtown, and making sure that the bullying they had to deal with would stop.


 


Harry huffed, "it better stop, or I am having another talk with his parents. To know that they would let their son get such a twisted view of reality sickens me."


 


Tony shrugged, "they obviously both work, and good jobs at that, so don't have a lot of time to spend at home. It's the perfect combination to not actually know your child and to want to keep them happy. Especially here, when they could use money to keep their own perfect image of their son alive."


 


Harry shook his head, "do they also plan on being able to bribe or buy the company their child starts working at after he graduates? That's just too silly for words, to know that there are people there who think that way."


 


Tony pulled him close, "we both knew what we started when adopting Harley and semi-adopting Peter, we didn't want to have children running around the tower because of the publicity. And before you say anything, Harley, you are never and will never be a publicity stunt.


 


We made the choice of taking you out of Rose Hill, as you'd be lost there. Not only that, but you wouldn't be able to do all the stuff you're able to do here under supervision at that. We love having you around, and we love having Peter, Ned and Teddy around too."


 


Harley didn't say anything, but his eyes looked suspiciously wet as he hugged Tony close, the engineer hugging his son close too. Whispering something to him that had Harley giggling slightly, rubbing at his eyes before he also hugged Harry - thanking the Brit for what he had done for him all these years, even more so since taking him in his house.


 


Harry just pressed a kiss to Harley's forehead and asked Jarvis to put on a movie (Star Wars, surprise there), laying down on the couch to enjoy the movie even if this was the hundredth time they had seen it.


 


That's how Pepper and Remus find them some hours later, and after questioning why the teens aren't at school they are stumped to learn that this is what is happening in mundane schools. Especially for people like Peter, who is now enhanced, and can't act against mundane teens, no matter how much he would have wanted to.


 


Remus sighed, "I'll call Charles to ask if he wants to start muxing the students already, if he gives a green light you can all join Teddy in Xavier's institute, I know for a fact that they hold their no bullying rule with an iron fist."


 


Harry giggled, "I heard they left the one and only bully in a room with Logan for an hour, he came out crying and went to apologize to all the kids he had bullied. Bobby told me about it, the last time we went for a visit."


 


The boys were already talking, cheering even louder when Remus got back to them that they were indeed putting the institute open for mundane kids too. If and only if they were sure that there would be no issues with the enhanced students.


 


Luckily, with Ned and Harley this wasn't a problem, Peter even less so as he was enhanced himself, and wouldn't need to hold back all the time. Between Colossus, Logan and Wade (who didn't live in the X-mansion, but popped up there all the time) they would be more than able to let Peter enhaust himself without the spider altered boy to fear hurting anyone.


 


---


 


Laying in bed together, Harry sighed as he looked at Tony, "think this is the end of the peace we've been knowing?"


 


Tony nodded, pulling Harry closer, "I think so, we've both seen Vanessa becoming more agitated. And I know we shouldn't, but I can feel every time he's killing off half of a people, can feel the universe trying to make up for the loss and not managing it."


 


Harry also nodded, "I know what you mean, I can feel it too, it gets stronger too, the closer he gets to Earth. I don't doubt that he'll be here soon, and then what. We can keep him busy, but there is no predicting just what army he takes along.


 


Last time it was the chitauri, what if this time it's the Kree, or another race that can wreck most of the people on Earth. The counsel is doing well, but will it be enough?"


 


Harry pressed a kiss to Tony's lips, "we did whatever we could, love, there is nothing more we can do except fight for our world when the time is upon us."


Starting chapter 50, as I said before, we'll enter Infinity War/Endgame.I also added a small part of Thor: Ragnarock (although it isn't canon-compliant). Enjoy, and let me know what you think!?


Their first clue that something was going to happen soon, was Stephen contacting them, explaining he had gotten a message through from Asgard that scouts from Thanos' army had been spotted. When the Asgardians had tried to take them out, it would appear that they were followed closely by one of the bigger ships that started attacking too.


 


With Odin weak as he was, leading the troops and falling not soon after all of this had happened (as they had expected seeing as they had all been aware he wouldn't go out laying in his bed). With Odin dead, Thor ascended to the throne, he however wanted to make sure his family and people were safe.


 


Asking his mother and Loki to get a message to Earth in any way possible, he went and collected the children of Loki from where Odin had kept them. With him now being accepted as the new King, the secrets of the last King were passed onto him - giving him the information needed to go and get Fenris and Hela (Jormungandr was luckily on Earth) using unknown passages underground to make sure that after everything, Loki at least didn't need to lose his children too.


 


While Thor had been doing this, Loki and Frigga had managed to reach out to the sorcerer supreme, to make sure that they had a way of getting safe passage to Midgard/Earth while Thanos' troops decimated what was once Asgard.


 


Harry nodded, "what do you need?"


 


Stephen hummed, "extra magical power, preferably from you - and a way to know where Asgard is, as I have no idea how or where this should be situated."


 


Harry nodded, "I can help with both of those, for one, I have more than enough magic to spare from this side to help and get the gate open. We can have Queen Frigga and Loki powering it from the other side.


 


As for where Asgard is located, I have to be honest in saying I don't know that either, but Hela does and she, like us, is connected to Lady Death. I can use that connection to open up a portal close to Hela, getting the other Asgardians through that way."


 


Stephen let out a sigh of relief, for all that he was Sorcerer Supreme right now, it was very obvious that he was still getting used to this role, and the role he had in defending the universe against threats civilians never knew happened on a daily basis.


 


Harry smiled slightly, before looking at Tony, "are we housing them in the tower? Or do you have another idea?"


 


His husband hummed, "we can use the training facility upstate. It's bigger and it was designed for this reason - to make sure that all of our allies and whoever else comes to stop Thanos will have a place to stay and train."


 


Turning slightly, he said seemingly to thin air, "JARVIS, see what has to be done to make the facility upstate inhabitable for the Asgardians. And wake up FRIDAY, so she can keep an eye out on the complex while we're busy with whatever else."


 


The English voice sounded, "of course , Sir. I'll make sure FRIDAY is up to the task of keeping an eye out."


 


Grinning, Tony nodded, "thanks, J."


 


Turning back to Harry, he grinned at his husband, "that takes care of that. want us to go upstate already?"


 


Harry nodded, "I think the sooner we can get them out, the better, before something happens to most of the people there. Let me see if I can get into contact with either Hela or Loki, and explain what we're going to try to do. The both of you already go upstate, I'll follow as soon as I tell Remus where we are and tell everyone to prepare."


 


JARVIS' voice sounded, "no need, Master Harry, they were put on alers the moment Dr. Strange appeared. They are all on stand-by to go to the complex upstate should it be needed. I also took the liberty of putting the defenses on, to make sure that STARK Tower can function as a shelter should they attack New York again."


 


Looking at the two other men in the room, Harry nodded, before adding, "send out a worldwide text to anyone we have on file. To let them know to be ready - that we got a message that Thanos is attacking Asgard. We'll have a little while more, but we should prepare anyway."


 


---


 


Meanwhile in Asgard the people were huddled away in the underground shelters, feeling the ground shake with every blast that was shot from the weapon Thanos' ship employed. Several of the warriors, including the warriors three and Sif, had wanted to take the fight to the surface - but Thor had forbidden it.


 


"It won't matter, not when they shoot at us from the sky. The moment any of us step out of the shelters, you'll be shot down before a counter attack can be organised. I will not lead my people into meaningless death."


 


Several of those under the Odin regime had looked at Thor with a new respect in their eyes. As seen before, Odin would just go into battle, without caring what happened to his men - as long as he could go to Valhalla. Those that had fled back underground would face no repercussions - not when they were not up to dealing with this on their own.


 


Hela suddenly gasped, turning to Loki, "papa, the Master of Death has a message."


 


Loki blinked, before letting out a sigh of relief, "what does he have to say?"


 


Hela took a deep breath, "he and the Sorcerer Supreme are planning on opening a portal in my vicinity, as neither have an idea about Asgard's layout. But he can tune in to where I am; so they'll be using that.


 


He, the Merchant and the Sorcerer Supreme have prepared a complex for all those who will be fighting Thanos on Midgard, that's where we'll be going as soon as we come out of the portal."


 


She stopped talking for a moment, before adding, "he also asks if we have any other allies that should be alerted to the fact that Thanos is here, and will no doubt turn his eyes upon him, either before or after he goes to Midgard."


 


Frigga bits her lip, before nodding, "I have a way of contacting the other realms, this Master Of Death is correct that we at least should let the others know what is coming."


 


Loki and Thor nodded at their mother, "you won't need to leave here, will you, Mother?"


 


Frigga shook her head, "no, but I do need to be here for a little while longer. With them focusing on Hela, I'll stay here with her until everyone else is through."


 


Loki looked at his brother, "I think you should go through first, brother, is only to make sure no one makes it harder on Harry and Tony than it already is. They've been preparing for something like this, but that doesn't mean they know how to deal with Asgardians."


 


Thor frowned, but nodded before looking at his niece, "tell him we're ready, that I'll be coming through first and yourself, Mother and Loki will come through last."


 


Hela nodded, staying silent for a moment, before she looked slightly to her left where a golden and green circle seemed to appear, as soon as it cleared out they could see a grass plain, as well as a building in the distance.


 


What they did notice was the three men looking inside the portal, two of which Thor and Loki recognized as Harry and Tony - making them sigh once more in relief. They didn't know the third man, but going by the orange magic sequences around his arms, they were almost certain this was the Sorcerer Supreme.


 


Thor nodded once to his family, before he walked through. Several others following the moment they noticed that he had emerged from the other side, greeting the three men waiting there for them.


 


---


 


With Stephen opening a portal to the complex upstate, they could get there much faster than if they had driven (which would take just over an hour), as this was time sensitive, they opted for the quick option.


 


Once on the grass in front of the complex, Harry entwined his magic with Stephen's, seeing the normally golden magic taking on a greenish shine, as was the color of his own magic. Telling Hela what they were planning on doing, it was still a sight to see the Asgardians standing on the other side.


 


The moment Thor had come through, with others following quickly behind their newly crowned King, all three of the men let out a sigh of relief that they had been fast enough. That there wouldn't be another race of people falling at Thanos' hand. Not when Harry and Tony had seen Vanessa stressing over the people that wouldn't be able to grow or to become what it is that they needed to, to make sure this universe evolved to its true potential.


 


Greeting Thor with a smile, he could see the new King talking to Tony, most likely to get an idea as to where he could let his people stay, and what they could do in return - they were refugees here right now after all. Their own home wouldn't be uninhabitable after Thanos' forces were through with it.


 


"I'm sure we have enough rooms for all the people that came through today, with still some to spare, just in case. I can get some of the others to come here, so they can show you to the rooms we prepared for your people?"


 


Thor nodded, "that would be much appreciated. It has been quite the day already and I know some of our people need to rest. Especially with Thanos at Asgard, I fear we won't be having that long until he reaches Midgard."


 


Tony nodded, "I know, there had already been a message sent to prepare everyone. We won't be letting this go just like this. The small children and any of the non-combatants of our own will be safe in STARK Tower, especially with the extra defences laid over it. If you have any women and children that would be better there, I'm sure we can get Stephen or Harry to transport them there."


 


Thor hummed, "I think my Lady Mother would be better off there, as well as several of the other women who are expecting, or have small children. They shouldn't be here - as much as it pains me they would be better off away from the battlefield."


 


Tony nodded, "maybe go and tell that to your people, Big Guy, I'll keep an eye on the proceedings here."


 


With Thor making his rounds, most notably to people with a child in their arms, or pregnant women, Tony directed his attention to Harry and Stephen. For some reason he kept on thinking this was going too easy, like Thanos was letting them get away. He worried his lip between his teeth as he kept an eye on the portal. The people on the other side, where he could see Loki, Hela and Frigga were thinning quickly - luckily.


 


Just as the Queen Mother came through, they could see a wall of the hideout getting blasted. Loki used the fraction of a moment to push his daughter through; the little girl (or seemingly little girl) hid in her grandmother's skirt as she couldn't see her father following through.


 


Harry however, as he should have expected, entered the portal from their side, despite the obvious attack going on. He knew the Brit wouldn't leave Loki to be recaptured by the Mad Titan, not after what happened the last time.


 


But that didn't make him feel better, especially with Stephen now having trouble keeping the portal open. He didn't know what he could do - not being magical and all, he had Death protection, and probably some other extra's, but he didn't have magic. 


 


This couldn't be it, not after all the things they had done to prepare for this, he knew that Harry would come out of this. He had to, they would stand together against Thanos and his ilk, protect the Earth and the universe with it. Make sure Vanessa's stress level lowered with the decimation of the Mad Titan and his impossible ideals.



When he saw the blast that made the underground hideout cave in on itself, Harry knew he had to do something. Even with Frigga and Hela on this side of the portal, Loki was still there - stupidly pushing his daughter through instead of picking her up and jumping through.


 


He clicked his tongue, saw that Stephen was still holding steady and pulled back his own magic to jump into the portal from their side. He wasn't going to leave Loki to Thanos and his ilk, not after last time and certainly not when the man deserved better.


 


Finding his balance on the rubbish that was everywhere, he concentrated on finding the spark of magic Loki carried within him. Finding it underneath some of the stones not far away.


 


Looking towards the hole that had been made, he didn't notice anyone entering at that point. Sighing in relief as he found the dark green armor the God of Mischief favoured. Using his magic to move the pile of rubble on top of the other man.


 


He frowned, as the man showed to be having a head wound, from the explosion most likely. 


 


He shook his head, but understood that he had wanted to save his daughter at that moment, instead of thinking about his own life. Death knows that he would have done the exact same thing if this was Harley, Peter or Teddy they were talking about. A parent did strange things when the life of their child was in danger.


 


Hefting the man from under the rubble, he heard a moan leave him.


 


"Loki? It's Harry, I'm going to get you out, alright. Can you open your eyes?"


 


Green eyes opened in slits, but it was enough for Harry to see that the other most likely had a concussion. Using a spell to stabilize his neck, the other man might be a God, that didn't mean he could break something - a vision came to him, most likely from another universe where Loki would die from Thanos snapping his neck - he shuddered at that, before lifting up the man and running towards the portal.


 


Just in time too, as the same creature he had seen in Loki's mind all those years ago floated inside, the rage on its face only making him laugh - that was two times he had thwarted him. Both times concerning Loki, he didn't give in a lot to his more ruthless side, but for these beings, and the Lord they served, he would gladly tap into that.


 


The moment he touched down on the grass, the portal closed, Stephen kneeling as he dealt with the strain it most likely had cost him. Smiling apologetically to his friend, the other man waved it off. With the way he looked at Tony, his husband had most likely told their mutual friend just what kind of person Harry was on the best of days.


 


Grinning at his husband, Tony shook his head before approaching , "once this is all over, I'm locking you in a tower for a year or so. People always told me I'd get grey hairs from the kids, but I'm sure you have a lot more from you than from the boys."


 


Looking at the God passed out in his lap, he turned to Queen Frigga, "Queen Mother, Loki had a concussion, or he had one when I got him from under the rubble. I don't know if his magic might heal it like mine does, but sadly I don't have enough medical knowledge to counter it in anyone else."


 


The woman nodded, kneeling down besides her son as her hands glowed with the magic she wielded. Feeling around Loki's head, she hummed before nodding, "his magic took care of it. In fact he should wake up any moment - Thank you, Lord, for going to get my son."


 


Harry blushed at that, waving it away, "it was my pleasure, he is after all a good friend of ours, after last time, I wouldn't leave him behind like that."


 


Frigga smiled softly at that, "still, it takes a brave man to jump into the unknown like that."


 


Tony, still standing next to him groaned, "he has a habit of doing things like this on a daily basis, once again reforming my idea of locking him up in the tower as soon as this is over. Lest he start jumping off of buildings again."


 


Harry just shrugged at that, "I survived didn't I?"


 


Tony grumbled, "but my heart almost didn't."


 


Before anything else could be said, Thor appeared by their side, looking at his brother still in Harry's lap, to his mother, and sighing as she just smiled. No doubt letting him know that everything will be alright with Loki.


 


"Mother, allow me to introduce to you Sir Tony Stark, the Merchant of Death, and Lord Harry Black, the Master of Death. They have been our allies ever since Harry freed Loki from the spell the Other had on him. Besides that, they have been open for us to visit, and even now have made sure to give us a place to stay."


 


He swallowed, "this complex is for the warriors partaking in the upcoming fight. I know you can defend yourself just fine, but... I would feel better if you and the other women and children went to Tony's tower - it is a fortified fortress that won't be harmed in whatever is to come."


 


Frigga took a hold of her oldest son's cheek, "you're asking this of me?"


 


Thor nodded, "I know better than to demand anything from you, Mother, but... it would make me feel better knowing you were protected."


 


She hummed, "since you asked, I shall be doing so. But the moment we get a message that we are needed, I will ride to battle."


 


Thor sighed, but nodded, a soft smile on his face. For all that she was a Queen, and a Mother, it was often forgotten that she was also a warrior, and more than capable of fighting herself. But for now, she would take it upon her to protect the other woman and children.


 


"I will leave as soon as Loki wakes, for I am sure he wants to be sure Hela, and Fenris, are fine. I will be taking both with me, to make sure they are fine at the end of this - especially since it is said that Thanos is trying to court Death. I do not know if he means the Being, or my granddaughter."


 


Harry and Tony looked at each other, but before they could speak, another did, "it is I, he is trying to court, Queen Frigga, not your granddaughter."


 


Looking up, they smiled at seeing Vanessa standing there, every inch Lady Death as she was, Wade at her side, a smile on his face. They knew that the assassin was looking forward to defending his Lady's honor against the Mad Titan.


 


Frigga stays silent for a moment, before bowing; "Lady Death."


 


Vanessa shook her head, "none of that now, I am sorry for the loss of Asgard."


 


Frigga shook her head, "Asgard is a people, not a place, while we will miss it. After this is over and done with, maybe we can find somewhere else to rebuild. This takes precedence for now, as I fear Thanos had long been a fairy tail to the people of Asgard. To know that someone is out there that thinks he can court Death by killing off half the universe."


 


Vanessa shakes her head, "he fears dying more than he wants to court me. In his mind however, courting me in this way means that for every life he takes, I lengthen him with the time that soul has left."


 


Harry snorted at that, "that's not how that goes, and I think he knows it. But with the decimation of half the universe, the survivors would be needed to make sure that it doesn't collapse in on itself. For some reason I think he knows that good enough."


 


A weak voice spoke up from his lap, adding, "he knows well enough that he can't prolong his life. But in his quest to court Lady Death, he stumbled upon the infinity stones, which made promises no one could keep - as expected."


 


Looking down at Loki, they were all relieved to see the god's eyes open, Harry helped him sit up, staying in the ground until such a time Loki could stand, mulling over the words the other man had uttered.


 


"The Infinity Stones don't make idle promises, it's just that no being other than a Primordial would be able to wield all of them."


 


Looking back, they saw Stephen get to his feet. The time stone he carried glowing faintly, as the sorcerer spoke. He joined their group, standing next to Tony, helping Loki get to his feet as well, while Tony pulled Harry upright.


 


Harry nodded, "which makes it all the more dangerous, as I know a Primordial refuses to touch the stones. We don't even know what will happen if we touch them, as her champions."


 


Wade opened and closed his mouth, but didn't say anything as Tony glared at him, the genius looked at his husband with a soft smile saying, "let's hope we never find out."


 


Sighing, he added, "but yes Wade, you can try if we don't have another choice."


 


The mercenary cheered at that, to the baflement of everyone that didn't know his special personality. Vanessa, Harry and Tony just smiled at the red clad man as he started skipping around - most likely already thinking about how amazing it would be if he handled the infinity stones.


 


For all that Wade was an amazing person, he did come with a bit of a manual, if only to be able to make sure that you knew that he didn't mean any harm (most of the time), and would do anything for the people he liked.


 


Loki in the meantime was telling his children, including Jormungandr who had appeared as Harry was getting Loki before Thanos' forces could get to them, that they would leave for STARK Tower with their grandmother while they all took care of the invading forces. Neither Jormungandr nor Fenris (both looking like boys of 12 and 15 years old respectively) didn't like this idea, but they seemed to be giving in. Even more so when Harry told them his and Tony's son as well as his friends would be in the tower too, in the event that they did need firepower there.


 


Stephen, having caught his breath, opened up a portal to the Tower, letting the women and children pass through towards the safe haven, all the while others residing in the Tower and willing to fight passed through in the other direction.


 


---


 


As their forces started to gather, Harry made sure to call the Council, letting them know to prepare and for what. That the Asgardians were at the compound or the Tower, getting ready to deal with the invasion that was practically on their doorstep.


 


Turning to Thor, he asked, "did you get a message out to the other realms? Or to other allies further into space?"


 


Thor nodded, "Mother warned the other realms, they most likely also contacted their own allies, to at least warn them of what to come. I am hoping that it stops here, that this is the end of all this - but of course we don't know that."


 


Harry nodded, "I believe the same, but again, we won't know until this is over and done with, until we win to make sure the universe is safe."


 


The Thunderer nodded, "I'm going to go catch up with Clint and James, I'm sure we can expect the others soon too?"


 


Harry nodded, "the call was sent out, and the council was called to give them an update. We'd best prepare for whatever happens now, as I don't think we'll have a lot of time to prepare, they'll be on us before we know it."



As the Agardians were settling in, words came back to them about all the people who had received the missive they sent out. JARVIS took great pride in letting them know that all over the world people were getting ready for what was to come.


 


None of them were willing to just leave it as it was, they were all willing to fight for their world, their planet, and with the report they made with witness reports from Loki, Thor and Queen Frigga, people were even more unwilling to let the Earth get decimated, or destroyed, by someone like Thanos.


 


It did however help that with everything the counsel, and Tony and Harry, had been doing, no one was looking surprised at the amount of enhanced individuals running around. If anything; it made sure that the civilian populace was sure that they had a force that was able to fight back against what was coming.


 


With women, children and Queen Frigga going to the tower, and Thor returning with James (Bruce was staying in the tower, to oversee everything from there) who became the first to gather at the compound ready to get out and fight Thanos.


 


When they had first started planning this Harry and Tony had assured James that he didn't need to be a part of this, that he could stay in the tower with the teens and only act if the tower was threatened.


 


But the man wouldn't hear any of it. In the time living with them, he had reacted very well to the therapy they had made sure he received. Not only that, but he was adapting to living in the 21st century very well aided in part by the teens running around in the tower, who while in awe at him, were also very up to date with everything and took the time to explain it to the man.


 


As such, seeing him all geared up had Tony just clasping his shoulder before introducing him to Loki and Stephen, both who he hadn't really met before then.


 


Rhodey radioed in not much later, telling them that the armed forces, not consisting of enhanced, were also preparing to act as back-up, or to protect those places that didn't have any active enhanced.


 


War Machine touched down not soon after, telling his best friends that he would be there with them. To make sure this alien army wouldn't be able to take Earth.


 


Others, such as the Fantastic Four and the Defenders also let them know they were ready, but staying in New York, just in case. With Stephen and the others of the order, they could go wherever they wanted in the blink of an eye, but there was no guarantee they would be able to be everywhere.


 


This way, and with others doing the same thing all over the world, they at least were able to know which regions or cities were protected.


 


Harry just about choked when an otter patronus appeared carrying Hermione's voice, telling him that the wizards and witches from all over the globe would also be helping. With those in England and the UK, doing so because of the missive he had sent to them. This was their world too, and after everything he had done for all of them, the least thing they were able to do was support him in these troubling times.


 


He had known, from Pepper, that Englang and even the other magical conclaves were preparing as well, but for Hermione to let him know like this, it warmed his heart to know that his best friend after everything, would stand with him like this.


 


But being told it is so, or getting confirmation that they were preparing just as much as they all were, willing to fight for the planet they inhabited instead of waiting it out behind their wards. That only showed just how far they had all gone - how far they were willing to go, compared to the previous people in power.


 


Tony, knowing just how big of a step this was, just made sure to hug Harry close to him (something made slightly difficult with the Brit being bigger than him) feeling the other's body relax at the fact that they weren't alone, it would be the whole world against the invading forces. And with such an army, they were sure to win.


 


Vanessa, who hadn't left since arriving with Wade had hovered by them, almost as if she hadn't been willing to part, had wanted to stay here even if it was for moral support.


 


Harry turned to her, as soon as he gathered himself, "you shouldn't be here when he enters our atmosphere, Lady Death."


 


Vanessa bit her lip, looking at her Champion, her Merchant and her Master, before nodding, "I'll be watching though. I have no doubt that you'll win, but I want to keep an eye on things anyway - just in case."


 


Harry nodded, "we'll be fine, My Lady, you have other duties to attend to then waiting here for what could essentially be our downfall. We will fight until the last breath to make sure that doesn't happen. We'll be fine, go."


 


She lingered just long enough to say goodbye to Wade before she disappeared into the In Between, no doubt making sure that she or one of her reapers were able to keep an eye on all of them in the case that this all turned sour.


 


Tony frowned as he got a missive on his phone, looking up as Harry joined him from where he had been talking to Vanessa, "what has you frowning like that?"


 


Tony's face turned even sour, "in an effort to gather everyone that is able to fight against Thanos, they are releasing Rogers and Romanov - on probation - for the sole purpose of this fight. Should they prove themselves there might be talks about lessening their sentences."


 


Harry grinded his teeth, "while I agree that every abled man and woman is welcome, I don't like mr. Righteous to be on the field, nor do I want a spy watching my back."


 


Lookin at James as he passed, Harry sighed, "and there is James to consider."


 


As if summoned, the man made a beeline to them, "I thought I heard my name."


 


Harry and Tony nodded, looking at each other, before the Brit explained what it was that they were informed of. 


 


James paled at that, but gathered himself, "I can deal. I don't want him near me, but I'll deal with it anyway. The more people who stand against Thanos the better, I know that, it just isn't comforting that they are willing to let criminals enter the playing field."


 


Harry nodded, "I'm sure Wade and Logan are more than willing to keep the man away from you, should you ask."


 


James smiled slightly, and went to look for both men, telling them what had been said and seeing both men glaring in the direction of the counsel's helicopter that was no doubt transporting the unwanted into their midst. But they too would deal, the threat they were facing was more severe than any of the grudges they held against the people arriving.


 


Talking about arrivals, Clint just came through a portal followed closely by Pepper, Remus and Dora - all three who made Harry blanch at seeing them here. 


 


Shaking his head he approached them, to which his uncle took him aside.


 


"You can't keep us away this time, cub. We have just as much of a right to be here as all the others. We can't just stand idle as this happens; we already did so once - at least in Dora and my case."


 


Harry bit his lip, "but Teddy?"


 


Remus sighed, "knows what might happen, but knows that we won't be able to sit this one out. He has the other boys and Andy there with him. As well as various other people; either from Asgard or the families of those gathering here. He'll be fine, just as we will be."


 


Harry frowned, but seeing the determined look in their eyes, the same look he knew he and Tony sported, as well as anyone else that had gathered here or was preparing for the confrontation ahead, he knew he couldn't ask any of them to stay on the side lines.


 


He hugged his uncle close, "at least promise me you'll be careful. And you'll go back to the tower once it gets too dangerous to stay here."


 


Remus nodded, "I promise, now go deal with Rogers and Romanov."


 


Looking up he could see that the heli from the counsel had landed, letting Rogers and Romanov enter the field, with to his surprise Nick Fury and Phil Coulson following suit. Seeing as both men had believed Death until not that long ago, he was quite shocked and a little mad that he didn't know about this.


 


But he shook his head, with Vanessa not telling them about this, it probably was something that happened in every universe and was as such one of the key happenings - making it something that she couldn't tell about, as it couldn't change.


 


"Agent Coulson, Director Fury."


 


Both men looked up and nodded as he approached, Tony not far behind.


 


"Lord Black, what is it we're up against?"


 


Harry tilted an eyebrow, "you don't know?"


 


Nick shook his head, "they didn't see fit to inform us, only that we'd be helping with an invasion of something. I tried reaching out to my brother, but he is still pissed at me."


 


Harry grinned at that, after the whole fallout with SHIELD, he had told Kinglsey exactly what had caused such a thing to happen. After his reign as Ministry of Magic, the man had stayed in the Ministry and served as Hermione's prime advisor. To say he was pissed was an understatement. 


 


"You should know better than to betray a Lord of higher rank, Nick, Kingsley was willing to do a lot of things to make sure the alliance between house Potter and house Shackbolt wasn't broken after the stunt you pulled."


 


Nick winced at that, while others just looked on fascinating as to what was happening.


 


Harry shook his head, "enough about that though. The gist is that the same person responsible for the invasion in 2012 is coming here himself. After destroying Asgard, he had his eyes on Earth for the fact that something he seeks is kept here."


 


Rogers, still not that smart it appears, asks if they can't just give him what he wants.This gatherers him quite a number of looks that ask him without words if he is stupid.


 


Stephen is the one that answers, "no we cannot, as he is gathering infinity stones. As soon as he has all of them, who knows what would be possible. If he used them, and can use them, he will be able to reshape the entire universe, and possibly the multiverse, to his own will."


 


It is Loki that contributes a bit more, "his goal is to wipe out half of the universe, and seeing as going from planet to planet and killing half of its population is taking too long, he thinks to have found a shortcut in using the infinity stones as one snap of his finger will reduce the universe in half."


 


Harry rolled his eyes as Rogers opened his mouth again, saying; "don't bother, either you help us in the invasion ahead, or you go back to your cell. You've already shown how little you know and are willing to learn. Just follow orders and stay, or get the hell out - this will get ugly real fast."


 


The man, seemingly not giving up, opened his mouth again, but no one heard what he had to say. His lips moved, but no sound seemed to come out of it.


 


A voice drawing from behind him, "didn't your mother ever teach you if you can't say something useful, or nice, don't say anything at all."



Harry's eyes widened again as he recognized the voice that spoke from behind Rogers, turning so fast that he almost got a whiplash from the movement, he gaped at the blond that strode towards him with a grace he always had. 


 


"Lucius."


 


The man nodded his head, "Harry, Draco wanted to come, but he is needed at Minister Granger's side, so Cissa and I offered to come over to make sure you had enough people backing you."


 


He looked down his nose at Rogers who was ranting and raving under the silencing spell, "it would seem that you might need it."


 


Harry blinked, "where is Cissa?"


 


Lucius gave a small smile, "she's staying with Andy, to make sure there are enough medics on standby for when this does blow up. Plus, she seemed certain that we'd be enough of a cavalry."


 


At that, Harry noticed Nick Fury's paler face looking at someone. That someone seemed to be his brother. Harry beamed up at Kingsley when the man was done glaring at his squib brother, his whole demeanor doing a 180 as he hugged Harry close and was seemingly-mad at not having gotten an invitation to the wedding.


 


As soon as Kingsley let him out of his embrace, Harry blinked again at the sudden appearance of so many redheads on the field. He sighed, he should have known that the Weasleys would come out and stand with him and their sister.


 


The only one missing was Ron, who had opted to stay with his wife in England. Understandable, as he was the chief strategy officer of the Britain Ministry, so very much needed there. Soon enough, after all this is over and done with they could all celebrate together.


 


For now, he was just happy with the amount of people that were either showing up at the compound, or checking in from the different cities they lived in. Coming together to deal with this threat they were all facing, but also who they could deal with by working together.


 


Tony took a hold of his hand from where Harry had introduced his husband to those the man had not yet met. They had sent out a few invitations when they did marry, but in all they kept it small and simple. Which was the main reason they had been able to keep it out of the press.


 


"I think we'll be fine with whatever Thanos has in store for us."


 


Loki, who came to stand by them, with Stephen not far behind, nodded at that, "I think you might have a point there. This is one large army against the Mad Titan. If we're lucky and the other realms spread that there is a planet willing to stand against Thanos, we might have help out of a surprise corner. But this is not something I know for sure, we might get it, and we might not."


 


Harry nodded, "we'll be able to take him, Thanos isn't the problem, it is getting to him that will be. Especially going by the fleet he has amassed around himself - should we not be able to deal with that this still will all be for nothing."


 


That last, he made sure, was said in a silencing spell. No need to alarm those that were skittish for whatever reason, or to give Rogers any more ammunition to use in an effort to try and gather support from the people running around. Some of them are still caught up in the hero worship of getting to fight alongside Captain America.


 


The jet carrying the X-men, as well as Magneto and a couple of people from the brotherhood descended onto the field. This team of X-men would be the last of those that were gathering at the compound - and as such the real struggle would begin.


 


Tony and Harry made sure to greet Charles and Erik when they came out of the jet, waving at the others that came with them and took places among the others in the field. Even if people like Colossus and Kurt - or nightcrawler - got some weird looks. Even with all the changes, and the overview of the Council on all of this, there still was a certain prejudice against overly different enhanced - as some mutants tended to be.


 


Charles hissed at one point, "they are entering the atmosphere. I had one of the more farsighted enhanced keep an eye out. They just contacted me that she had just seen the ship coming into our atmosphere."


 


Harry and Tony exchanged looks, before they both put in an earbud, the same one that had been given to everyone in the alliance, as well as the newly arrived Asgardians. Tapping it once it lid up slightly, before Harry spoke.


 


"Can everyone hear me?"


 


Those close to him just nodded, while others - even on the other side of the world - let him know that he was coming through loud and clear. He gave a thumbs up to Tony - even if the other man had also heard the response. They were both beaming at the fact that their long distance communications were working and as such able to communicate worldwide as Thanos started his attack.


 


"This is Harry Black, I just got confirmation that the Mad Titan is entering the Earth's atmosphere. Stand-by for further information as to where they plan on attacking first - as we hope he gets drawn to us in the first place."


 


Several other nations, among them Wakanda and England, let them know they could see the ships in the sky, even if there was no sight of them also landing or attacking right now.


 


Harry sighed, "then we wait."


 


---



They didn't have to wait long, before almost all major cities around the world let them know that a ship had landed just outside of the city in question, disembarking beings that wasted no time in attacking everything in their path.


 


Teams were deployed to help deal with the threat, even if places like the capital of Wakanda, and Tokyo dealt with the threat on their own, some others like in Brussels, Copenhagen and Abu Dhabi, the extra help was more than appreciated.


 


Harry, Tony, Charles, Erik and Loki stayed on sight accompanied by the wizard delegation, Rogers and Romanov, for the main reason of having a backing if they were to suddenly appear at the compound. Those last two had to stay as no one trusted them to have their back. 


 


None of them, especially those that knew a bit about Thanos, either from experience or because of what Vanessa had told them, were aware that the being would try something so underhanded. He believed he was claiming what rightfully belonged to him, because the Infinity Stones were trying to deceive him in believing that.


 


All of them were also glad that Rogers was still silenced, as it had taken James coming back from helping in Brussels, that the man had noticed his revered best friend being there. It made all of them roll their eyes, even more so when he tried to approach and found himself bouncing back from a force field.


 


Harry, after seeing the man keep on trying, said; "restraining order, remember Rogers. You can't come within 30 feet of James, so don't keep on trying. Or do, it will give us all something to laugh about."


 


The man had glared at him, before going back to trying to get to James. The other WWII vetran had just rolled his eyes, before going back to the conversation he had been having with Logan, Wade and Victor.


 


---


 


Their peace was soon disrupted as most of the people on the comms let them know that the major cities had been cleared and the fights won with a minimum of casualties. The first few battles were in their favor.


 


It was also Harry's gut feeling, and fast thinking that made him able to throw up a widespread shield to fend off the attack that came from the ship that had been sneaking up on them. It's stealth mode fell away as a part of the blast was redirected onto itself.


 


As soon as he had the shield up, he could feel Loki and Stephen's magic adding to his own to be able to keep the blast from hitting them. Which left them occupied for the footsoldiers that entered within the perimeter around the compound.


 


Thanos, as they had expected, had been searching for them, in stealth mode. Trying to make sure that those that had thwarted him, and those that had escaped him would perish at his own hand. Or at least in the possibility that he could see it all happening.


 


As the mages of the group held up the shield, Harry could soo Tony, Rhodey and Pepper (and hadn't that been a surprise) rise up into the sky in their suits. Keeping aerial attacks at bay while the others engaged those that came at them on foot. Someone must have also been farsighted enough to let the others know that Thanos was here, and that the majority of his ships were only now becoming visible.


 


The attacks on the major cities now obviously a way to gauge if that was where they were hiding, as well as the perfect way of culling, or trying to cull, the population of Earth.


 


The wizarding delegation took up positions around the mages keeping up the shield so the ray from the mothership wouldn't decimate all of them in one attack. They would keep approaching forces away from those that had the best chances of covering for them from whatever Thanos threw at them.


 


The moment the ray from the mother ship ceased, they let down the shield they were holding, joining into the fray with their allies to stop the Mad titan from accomplishing his goal. Right now, the only one close were the Space Stone and the Time stone. One was stored in Loki's dimensional pocket, while the other was in plain sight on Stephen's neck.


 


---



Harry took great pleasure in accosting the one who looked like a failed Squidward, Loki telling him the being was calles Ebony Maw, known for his sadistic pleasure in torturing the people or being that Thanos took onto his ship. Either to make them into puppets; like Loki had been, or to persuade them to join them in their mad quest (which in the end did seem like the better choice against all the torture they were subjected to).


 


The being hissed at him, only making the Master of Death smirk all the more, he knew he was more powerful and more able than the mage in front of him. His powers were born out of malice and backward thinking. They were not born with him, as Harry's magic was, nor was it a gift, like the powers and title that came with the Master of Death.


 


Ebony Maw could see this, and was starting to see just how outclassed he was against Harry. His actions were becoming more and more erratic, while his magic was becoming sloppy and predictive. The perfect chance to get one up.


 


If not for the fact that Rogers chose this moment to come in between, all the while Thanos must have sensed something as he attacked - obliterating his own mage to try and harm Harry. Which didn't help when Rogers tried to step out of the picture at that moment, attacking Thanos as if this was your regular villain.


 


The sound the supersoldier body made as it was slammed back into a wall of the compound didn't sound all that good, nor did it sound like Rogers would get up anytime soon. 


 


But it left Harry distracted, for as much as he didnt like Rogers, he hadn't deserved that. No one deserved that. 


 


He ducked under the hit of Thanos' spear/battle axe hybride. Feeling the air moving around him as he only just managed to dodge. The Mad Titan, for all that he was mad, did move quickly and with the intention to kill.


 


Their final battle had begun.



Harry frowned, trying to keep away from the battle axe/spear thing that Thanos was wielding, the Mad Titan sporting a mad grin on his face. So he most likely had an idea just who Harry was, and like so many before him thought that defeating Harry would mean that he could claim the title that was Harry's.


 


He tried to keep an eye on the people behind him, as such knowing that Loki and Stephen were dealing with Ebony Maw, keeping the alien sorcerer at bay and slowly chipping away at his defences in a way that Harry had done.


 


It might not be totally fair to gang up on the being two to one, but none of them could care less. This was the reason that so many others had followed Thanos, having been broken by magical means by this very being so the Mad Titan would have cannon flodder a plenty.


 


It was obvious in the way that some of the foot soldiers that came by them, that they weren't totally there anymore. Nothing more than puppets for Ebony Maw, while their soul had already been broken or departed the body after whatever it had been through.


 


It angered Harry to know that these criminals were allowed to keep going from planet to planet to enact Thanos's delirious plan of saving the universe by exterminating half of it. Even more crazy was the fact that in doing so, he would gain the favor of Lady Death - if anything he had gained her ire for the extra work he gave her by doing this.


 


He frowned when the Mad Titan suddenly stopped his attack and looked up at the sky, towards where Tony was hovering dealing with the leviatan beings that were released from the ships still high above in their atmosphere.


 


Harry's eyes widened as he noticed the guns on the main ship directing their rays onto the Iron Man. Even if Tony was the Merchant, Harry knew that after being hit the man would need time to heal and that was time they didn't have. He had a shield thrown up before he could think about it, bouncing the rays back and destroying one of the ships.


 


However, by doing that, he had taken his eyes off of the Mad Titan, which had been exactly what the alien wanted. And opening in Harry's otherwise imperdible shield, and going after his husband had been the perfect way.


 


He almost wanted to close his eyes, knowing that this was a hit that would mortally wound him - if he were anything else than the Master of Death - and would take him out of the fight for a moment too long.


 


However, the hit that he had been expecting never came. A shimmering shield in front of him, the Mad Titan trying to get through, to take advantage of his distraction to still deal a blow to the British born, but not managing to do so.


 


Looking around, Harry noticed no one of the others was even paying attention to him, to protect him from the blow that was directed at him. All of them busy with dealing with the army invading - even with the extra support they were getting from the cities that had dealt with their attackers, it still didn't make sense for the shield to be there.


 


Until he heard her, 

"I cannot help you, but I am not losing you and neither are you. They wish to fight for their home as well, even if they are not part of it anymore."



 


Blinking, Harry concentrated on the space in front of him, about two meters from where Thanos was standing, and started to see them standing there. Keeping a shield going now that they were part of the very world around them and thus unlimited in their magical powers.


 


Which was quite a shock as these men had been known as some of the strongest the Wizarding World had to offer in the last few centuries.


 


Harry started to laugh as he noticed what was going on, and that Thanos was also noticing the three men in front of him.


 


"Give up, Thanos, this is Lady Death's way of helping in a way that she doesn't have to come here herself. You want to deal a blow to the universe in delivering her half of its souls. She's telling you to stop bulshitting by giving those already passed a way to help us defeat you."


 


As he said this, the three men in front of him became corporal, much to the shock of those that were British born and raised. After all, they were all familiar with Tom Riddle - and just who he became, as well as Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald.


 


While two out of the three were men Harry never suspected would come to his aid, he welcomed the help with both hands. It would seem that they needed all the help they could get - something that Lady Death - Vanessa - agreed with, as she lifted the veil separating their world and the Afterlife.


 


---


 


Lucius knew that something was going on when the spot that had been marked with the Dark Mark started to tingle, but he was too busy dealing with the elf-like being that was attacking him. She seemed to be in full control of her actions, and as such most likely one of the children of Thanos.


 


When she grazed his side and he cried out, he dropped to a knee, seeing her ready for her next attack that he wouldn't be able to dodge.


 


Only to hear a voice he didn't expect to hear to yell 'secrumsempta' cutting the woman almost diagonally in half. Killing her and saving his life.


 


Turning, he couldn't believe the sight he was treated to, "Severus."


 


His friend, and his only son's godfather gave a small smile back, "Lucius, it is... good to see you."


 


Lucius opened and closed his mouth a few times, before sighing, "Potter I presume."


 


Severus nodded, "with a little help from Lady Death, she lifted the veil to allow us to help those we left behind when he passed. I know My Lord, Albus and Grindelwald are assisting Harry from where he let himself be distracted as they attacked his husband."


 


Lucius opened and closed his mouth a few more times, before shaking his head, "I should have known the Potter luck would make an appearance here. Even if I didn't expect Lord Voldemort or Grindelwald to appear in his defence."


 


Severus shrugged, "Death is very different than what we expected it to be, but it lets those passing the veil think about their actions and try to redeem themselves from them. The fact that Harry did so much good for the world, and even strived to let it be known that it was never his fault (totally at that) for the way he turned out, endeared him to all three of them."


 


Lucius laughed at that, before turning his back to Severus as a new load of mindless puppets came at them from a new ship that had dropped close to where they were standing. Just like the old days, they started their counter attack, feeling some others cover their blind spots and grinning as if it was the Lestrange brothers. It was good to see his friends again, even after everything that happened a part of him hated that he never got to say goodbye to them.


 


---


 


In England multiple people gasped as he ghost in the castle became corporal again, joined by all of those  that lost their life in the defence of England, the castle itself or for the betterment of the Wizarding World (even if this meant that they had lost the last war, or the one before that) in their eyes they could help the world right now, to see the changes that had been made would prosper.


 


Dark and Light witches and wizards ran around together to protect what was once their own school and its students, so they might know a World without war. This went beyond Dark vs. Light, and even Order of the Phoenix vs. Death Eaters, this was protecting the very universe from someone that wanted to destroy it.


 


Headmistress McGonagall had to cover her mouth when people like Colin Creevey, Cedric Diggory and Percy Weasley went out with their wands held high to keep the invading aliens at bay.


 


Former headmasters and teachers, even the founders themselves joined in this fight that if lost, would forever change the balance between life and death.


 


---


 


All over the world those already passed stood again, to fight together with the living against an invading army bent on killing them all off. While most of them didn't understand what was going on, they all were certain that this was not a fight they wanted to lose.


 


---


 


With Albus and Gellert covering them, Tom and Harry managed to get a hit on Thanos. The parseltongue spell meant that no normal means would be able to heal it - it was after all an ability that Harry, Tom and some people in a remote tribe in India could use. It was a strength that they could use to deal more blows.


 


Without the whole crazy aura Volemort had, Tom was a breeze of fresh air, letting Harry know just how amazing Tom Riddle could have been, had he been helped when he needed it instead of being pushed aside.


 


He gave a breathless chuckle when the other two wizards came close to the two youngest of the four of them. The shield was still holding from where they had put it up again.


 


"Harry, my boy."


 


Harry looked at his former headmaster, shaking his head, "whatever it is, Albus, it's been over and done with. I forgave you a long time ago and I don't plan on keeping a grudge now. I have much better things to do with my time."


 


The eccentric wizard just looked at the youngest of the four of them, bowing his head a bit, before turning to Tom. The former Dark Lord also shook his head, "whatever dealings we still had perished with me, with us. I don't like you and I doubt I ever will, but we're here for other things than to talk this all out, Albus."


 


Grindelwald only patted Albus' hand before turning and releasing a nasty yellow spell into the arriving zombie troops, taking out more than half of them. Shrugging at them all looked at him, "there was a reason they sent Albus after me in the 50's you know."


 


Harry just chuckled and ran into the incoming forces, they all started coming faster and faster after eachother, letting them know that Thanos was calling his forces to the compound; to make sure that those he saw as an obstacle towards hi affections to Lady Death would be dealt with before he could kill off half of this planet too, and take the infinity stones they had.


 


He would find however, that Earth and humanity, wouldn't give up so easily. People might fall, but for now, with the veil let up, they got right up again and started attacking again. None of them wanted to let this man win from them, wanted to give this Mad Titan the means to reduce half the universe to ash.


 


---


 


Tony could only stare as Harry was first almost bisected by Thanos' weapon, before a shield sprang up between his husband and the Mad Titan. To see just who had come to their aide was something that had him staring, and laughing as he heard Vanessa telling him what she had done. 


 


They were winning this fight one way or another, there was no way that they were going to lose now.


 


---


 


Steve Rogers didn't know what had happened, only that he had been thrown away like a rag doll by the big and purple alien. No one came to check up on him, making him angry, he should at least get a medic. He was Captain America still, he deserved that respect.








With the obvious signs that he was losing this fight, Thanos tried to get his fleet to retreat and regroup. To come back for the Earth and its inhabitants on another day, when he was sure that whatever tactic he was using would bring him victory.


 


Of course, nothing ever went like that for the villains of a story, especially not for one that had brought the wrath of a Primordial Being - and a woman scorned - on his neck. So, while he wasn't able to interfere herself, she was able to give her Chosen the upper hand in making sure his plans didn't succeed.


 


The fact that when a couple of ships did try to retreat but found themselves blown to smitters by the converging alliance outside of the Earth's atmosphere was a sight to behold as well.


 


The words of Queen Frigga, as well as the accomplishments of the Iron Man, had reached far and deep into the universe. To such an extent even, that people from all over were willing to come to the aid of this relatively unknown planet. If only for the chance that Thanos and his forces would be defeated once and for all.


 


The Guardians of the Galaxy, as well as Captain Mar-Vell, had answered the call as soon as they heard it - in part to fight for their home planet, or the homeplanet of their captain against one of the biggest enemies the whole of the universe faced.


 


With the fact that he was fighting a losing battle, was losing his children and his zombie-like drones like flies, the Mad Titan knew that he wouldn't be able to return from Earth victorious. At every turn they were waiting to block him, be it by Death's Chosen, the resurrected fighters, or the already substantial force of the enhanced counsel, now added with the intergalactic alliance.


 


No one wanted to let Thanos live, not when it would mean the end of the universe as they knew it. Most of them probably wouldn't know, but Tony, Wade and Harry knew very well what had happened or might have happened in other dimensions, what was lost in the end in an effort to defeat the very alien in front of him.


 


Tony touched down close to where the group of powerful wizards was gathered, Wade popping up out of the crowd not long after. Taking a spot on either side of Harry, they nodded at Tom, Albus and Gellert - making the three of them take a step back, while Death's Chosen took a step forward.


 


Feeling as the world around them shifted as the forces of Thanos were eliminated.


 


Harry flicked his hand, revealing his scythe from where it was hidden as the Elder Wand in its holster. Wade and Tony both directed their weapons to the man, but kept their distance as Harry approached the now on his knees purple alien. The look in his eyes was enough to tell them that this was not how he had expected it to end. In fact, they were all sure that he assumed Earth's population to be weak and unprepared - giving him a chance to get to all the infinity stones that were kept here, bringing him closer to his endgame.


 


"Thanos of Titan, you have tried and failed to gather the infinity stones in a mad quest to conquer the universe in a mad attempt to win Death's favor by doing so. I can tell you that you aren't even close to winning her favor - not when you would disrupt and eventually kill this universe for your mad ideals."


 


Harry looked down onto the Titan, "she is unforgiving, and even in Death she won't allow you to rest in peace after all that you have done, or all that you would have done to realise these mad plans.


 


The infinity stones are not to be used by us mortals, they just are and should be left alone unless chosen by a stone to safeguard it. The fact that you were only willing to use them to further your own goals speaks of how little you know of these relics."


 


The Titan's eyes betrayed that he knew where this was going, that he knew that this would be the end of him, and of his reign, he looked around until his eyes fell onto a green skinned and blue skinned woman, both of them striding towards his with purpose, but stopping just after Harry, Tony and Wade.


 


"You have a lot to answer for, and while a lot of your self-proclaimed children chose to die for your belief, there are those that found their own path in life, away from the path you set them on."


 


He turned towards the two women, "Nebula, Gamora, anything to add?"


 


The blue skinned woman sneered at Thanos, "you were nothing more than my torturer, the reason I look like this and have half of my body replaced with metal and wires. The reason why as children we didn't get along - obviously, as you kept pitting us against one another. I will be happy to know you aren't here anymore and can't harm any children in the way that you harmed us."


 


The green haired woman just looked down her nose at the Titan, before grasping her sister's hand and looking on in contempt as the man still tried to reach them, his hand outstretched as if asking for help, by two young women very unwilling to give it.


 


Before anything else could be said, the last of the ships were shot down and the last foot soldiers were killed - never to get up again. When this was done, Harry's scythe touched Thanos' still outstretched hand, making him disintegrate.


 


"I would say be at peace, but she won't let you have that - not after everything you have done."


 


The whole world, and maybe even the whole universe, was watching as Thanos was defeated, left as dust to never bother them again. The cheer that broke out all around them was enough to let them know how happy everything was with this happening.


 


Which, of course, didn't last all that long as Rogers made his way towards Death's Chosen and the two alien women. Looking at the way the obviously deadly space assassins were dressed and looking very close to berating them for the way they were dressed.


 


He seemed to have grown somewhat of a brain however, or at least had Thanos shove it back into place when he was thrown into a wall, as he didn't say anything to them, just looked very disapproving.


 


When he came close to Harry, the Brit tilted an eyebrow, keeping himself in between Tony and Rogers, as he didn't trust the man with his husband. He didn't trust the man, period, and was not going to like whatever was going to come out of his mouth  by the way he was looking at the three of them.


 


"I don't get why you killed him. You should never resort to killing!"


 


Harry rolled his eyes, looking around and seeing most of the people around them looking at the Super Soldier like he was nuts. People like James, Logan and even Wilson - who had arrived sometime ago - were looking at the man like he was nuts, and like they couldn't believe he would say such a thing, when Thanos wouldn't stop at anything until the universe was halved.


 


Harry could also see several people on the phone, or talking into an earpiece, no doubt reporting to either a ruling body or the counsel on what had been going on here today. And most likely, about what Steve Rogers was sprouting after all of this, telling off their savior (twice over - not that everyone knew that) for doing what was right - and was asked by a power much stronger than any human could comprehend.


 


"Tell me again, Rogers, how did you build your reputation? Because I can assure you that those Nazi soldiers you fought also died sometimes."


 


Rogers sneered, "they deserved it, for wanting to take over the world."


 


Harry rolled his eyes again, "so was Thanos, in fact he wanted to take out half the universe, that seems like an even worse step. Did you not listen to the briefing you were given on the ride here, too absorbed in the fact that they asked you to fight - thinking that you would be needed to win this. And when you weren't the one to deal the final blow you were pissed at me, and Tony and Wade for getting that chance.


 


You are a hypocrite that thinks his way is the only way, leaving the rest of us stumped that you would scold someone for doing the exact same thing you would have done - but as you weren't the one who did it, it is wrong."


 


Rogers tried to open his mouth, but Harry beat him to it, "I don't even get why you're even here, you didn't even do anything for our side of the fight. You just ran in the way, and were knocked out for the major part of the fight."


 


Rogers started to go red, but before he could say anything Coulson and Fury appeared, both men with a frown on their face. Glaring at the super soldier until he followed them back to the helicopter that was waiting for them - the counsel wasn't even remotely happy with him, and were regretting ever giving leave for the man to go and 'help'.


 


Romanov at least had been helpful in taking in the smaller fries, and keeping an eye on those people that needed it. One of the small mercies they had with fer spy background, she at least knew how to aid them while keeping to the shadows, and had at least proven her worth in the eyes of those she had slighted.


 


Harry, Tony and Wade looked on as Rogers was forcefully escorted to the heli, from the looks of it he was also getting the third degree from Coulson on how he had been acting, and how the counsel would now decide what would happen with him. Not that the odds were looking good.


 


Before they could reach the heli however, the very air behind the compound seemed to split open, revealing a spaceship not unlike the one they just won against, a very familiar figure standing in full view - which was also impossible, as he had just been vanquished. The glimpse they got of the world on the other side of the portal which was a wasteland like no other.


 


But what made a lot of them gasp, or even go green, was what he was holding in his hand. The closer the ship came, the more obvious it was that he was holding a head in his hand, Captain America's head to be precise.


 


This version of Thanos was also looking around, very obviously surprised by the very different group that was standing in front of him. The way his eyes lingered on Tony, Clint, Romanov and Wilson let them know he had encountered them before. Which was a relief in some ways, as they had lived at one point. However, the item in his hand made it obvious that the outcome for the them on the other side hadn't turned out so well.


 


Harry tried to connect with Vanessa, but couldn't get through to Lady Death, she was most likely still dealing with their Thanos and whatever the newly revealed Thanos was leaving behind.


 


Harry dared looking behind him, to see Rogers palling as he too realised what was in Thanos' hand, and the implications that brought along. He hummed, hoping that finally Rogers saw that not everything happened like he wanted it to go. This was a prime example of having it done his way, and paying the ultimate price for it.


 


Looking at Wade and Tony, Harry braced himself for the new fleet he could see appear behind Thanos, tapping his earpiece to let everyone know that there was a second wave incoming.



When Harry's voice sounded over the international speaker system, letting them all know that a second wave of invading forces was imminent more than one person hoped that this was over much sooner than the one before.


 


The casualties had been low, but a second wave would and could change that if they threw caution in the wind. They were not going to let their planet fall to the rule of a loner with a God complex (and in some way a daddy complex) but that didn't take away that they would have to fight once more.


 


Thanos, as they had found out, was a selfish being that seemed to think that by wiping out half of the universe, the other half would flourish. And maybe it will, but doing so would upset the balance enough that the universe might just as well collapse into itself - ending all life in it.


 


At least this was the explanation given to the counsel by Harry Black and Tony Stark, something that had been the starting point for all of them to start preparing so the Mad Titan wouldn't succeed. No one thought about asking the men how they knew about all this, not after the studies they could show that this would happen. Vanessa had been throughout with gathering evidence for her Chosen to help them prepare this universe for what was to come.


 


It still left all of them wondering however, how it was possible a second wave, and as soon as imagery was available, how a second Thanos was able to get here. The glimpse of the other universe only verified what had been said, and the head held in his hand told them that they had been right not to trust Captain America with this mission.


 


Back on the battlefield, everyone was on edge, even more so when they noticed the glove that this Thanos was wearing and the stones that were brightly shining in their hold.


 


Harry hissed through his teeth, after everything they had tried to do in an effort to make sure Thanos didn't get to the infinity stones, this Thanos came equipped with a full set. Something that would make their fight all the harder.


 


For all that infinity stones weren't made to be handled by mere mortals, they were known to go along with it until such a time their new host was disposable. Something which wasn't the case yet, it would seem.


 


Glancing towards his husband and their friend standing right in front of Thanos, Harry made a small movement with his head making the other two take a step back. Even if Tony did so reluctantly. 


 


"Thanos, what is it that you want?"


 


The Titan looked down his nose at what he perceived to be a mortal, before letting his eyes run over the people behind them. Some he recognized, some he did not, and some like Gamora and Nebula were double - as they had betrayed him before, or had to be sacrificed for the greater good of the universe. They might have the same fate waiting for them, should they behave like the ones he had disposed of.


 


As he lifted his hand, feeling that dealing with this quickly would be the best way of going at it. He didn't expect the mortal in front of him to grab a hold of the gauntlet and pull it off before tossing it to the man dressed in red who ran the other way with it, even going through a portal that the Sorcerer Supreme conjured, disappearing from  his line of sight.


 


The yell he let out, as well as the way he tossed the mortal in front of him aside made his troops advance, fighting to be able to get their master's treasure back to him. Even with the man dressed in red getting away, they would find him as soon as this obstacle was over won.


 


Most of the people on the battlefield, or watching a live feed of what was happening gasped as Harry was tossed aside just like that. The sound he made when he hit the ground made them fear he'd never get up and with none of them having any idea as to his enhancements they feared he would stay down now.


 


Tony didn't have time to check on Harry, not when the Mad Titan himself was on him before he realised what was happening, he braced himself and caught the spear-battle axe thing that he seemed to favour. Feeling the resistance as the Titan kept on pushing down on him, the grin on the alien's face was far too joyful to be anything but exciting for the fact that he could (maybe once again) kill him.


 


He wanted nothing more than to go and check on Harry, but wasn't able to do so, not without letting the Mad Titan have free reign on everyone behind him, and once they fell, onto the world as a whole. Which was something he wanted to avoid no matter the cost. Especially now that Wade was running with the infinity gauntlet - if they were able to keep Thanos and his army busy until such a time that Wade had gotten far enough away and made sure the stones went back to their own universe, they would have won either way.


 


For now, he just had to trust on Tom Riddle and Loki, both of who had run towards the spot Harry had fallen, they would protect him and give him time to recuperate and indeed necessary regenerate whatever had been hurt or broken by the hit he took.


 


"You can't win, Stark, you weren't able to do so before, and without Captain America to lead you, I am sure you won't be able to do so again."


 


Tony sneered right back, "you're mistaken if you think that Rogers is the only one capable of leading here, even more, if you think that any team under Rogers was the best Earth could give. We just dealt with one version of you, I'm sure we can deal with another."


 


Given the speech Tony gave startled the Mad Titan, Tony and those around him deduced that this version of Thanos came from a place where the original Avengers had been much closer. And maybe in such a scenario a group led by Steve Rogers would be the strongest force on Earth, but here that wasn't the case.


 


In fact, Rogers hadn't stopped staring at the severed head of his counterpart of the other dimension, which had rolled all the way to the super soldier when Thanos let go of it to hit Harry away from him. Maybe now the man would finally realise that they were doing this for a reason and that in another universe he had been the leader he so desperately wanted to be here, this had been the outcome. The fact that no one else made their way from that universe to theirs was telling enough to the outcome for the Avengers there, they had been defeated and slaughtered.


 


James, with Rhodey and Pepper giving air support, had arrived at his side as soon as Tony managed to bring the alien off balance. All four of them knew that this was just an effort to get everyone as much time as possible. Wade to get away, and Harry to recover from what Thanos did to him. They needed to bide time, as much as possible, their world depended on it.


 


---


 


Wade only knew he made his way through Stephen's portal as far away from the fight as possible. He didn't like running, even less when Harry was most likely critically injured. But none of them had been able to get to Vanessa, not hear from her that everything was alright.


 


So, as soon as he had the gauntlet in hand, he ran, and kept on running, hoping that the others were able to hold Thanos off, and that none of his so-called children made it past all of them to get here. He needed to keep the stones out of Thanos' reach, no matter the cost.


 


And he needed to find a way to reach Vanessa, the sooner, the better, she would have never allowed the other version to cross over, if she had noticed it. But then again, something escaping Lady Death's notice meant something awful was going on somewhere else in the multiverse. He just hoped nothing was directly linked to Vanessa bringing back so many of the Death to fight for them.


 


He would never get over it, if Vanessa got hurt trying to help or protect them, she had much larger tasks to see to its end, not worry about them. They would be fine, or working towards getting fine. 


 


He shook his head, he needed to keep moving, he sadly didn't have the time to worry about his lover, even less so with the future of the Earth, once more, at stake. He needed to play keep away a little longer and give the others time to get the counter attack going.


 


---


 


Harry remembered the pain that exploded from his head downwards when he hit the ground as Thanos hit him away, swatting at him like he was a fly instead of a human. Had he been anyone else, he would have died, he knew for a fact that he had numerous fractures in his skull, neck and back - lethal if one wasn't immortal like he was.


 


He could also feel everything moving back into place, only this was even worse than that one time he jumped off the astronomy tower - then at least he had the time he needed to reassemble himself. Right now, he didn't have that time; Thanos was still out there with a fresh army, one that if they weren't prepared could overtake them at any point.


 


He could hear people approach, and hoped to Merlin and Morgana that they were allies, and not someone from Thanos' faction.


 


They might have been, but before they could come close, he could hear a voice yelling and a yelp of pain followed by Loki's voice right next to him.


 


"What do I need to do?"


 


Tom's voice sounded soon after, "align his bones already, they'll reset, but it'll take longer if they have to pull themselves into their proper place. We need to make sure he needs as little time as possible to recover."


 


Part of Harry wanted to ask Tom how he knew all this, but with what had been already said on the battlefield, he didn't doubt that the former Dark Lord had been keeping an eye on him. Wanting to follow the path his nemesis took after his passing, which would indeed enable the man to know just what needed to be done.


 


He could feel Loki moving around him, pulling and pushing certains bones back into alignment, after which they popped as his Death Magic healed the damage that was done to him. When his neck healed, he could speak again - his voice box had been damaged by the splintered bone.


 


"Turn me around."


 


Loki looked startled, but did as asked, helping him turn over onto his back as he felt other, more superficial wounds heal themselves.


 


"Who is keeping Thanos at bay?"


 


Tom hummed, "your husband, with some of his friends, with the sorcerer, Albus and Gellert on stand-by. Make sure you'll get healed for now, Potter, we can deal with all the rest later. I have no doubt that they will need you to win this battle again.


 


And let us hope Deadpool can keep away from Thanos and his forces long enough. The last thing we need is for him to be caught, and for Thanos to gain control of the infinity stones again."


 


Harry nodded, slowly getting into a sitting position with Loki supporting his back. He looked around and could see people all over fighting once more against the army of Thanos. The only plus side to this all, was that Thanos didn't have an armada of ships at his disposal to attack elsewhere on Earth. He only had foot soldiers, and some of the leviathans.


 


"Help me up, we have an alien to deal with."


 


Tom huffed, but pulled him upright, Loki at his back to support him in the event that he crumbled. When that didn't happen, the God took a step back.


 


"Let's go."


Surprise! Have an early chapter, I will as promised, upload a second one after I am home from work. The last two will be uploaded next week!


Loki made sure to support Harry as he swayed just a bit on his feet, the last of the broken bones snapped back into place as he took his first few steps back towards the battlefield with Loki and Tom flanking him on either side.


 


The two other mages were keeping a close eye on him, which made it just a bit odd seeing as one of them had been his nemesis for most of his life - but seeing Tom here again, and knowing what had driven the man to madness made it very rewarding, and very interesting to see all that wiped away in death.


 


The man standing next to him was how Tom Riddle would have turned out without all the trauma that had scared him as a child and as a teen. That  coupled with the ambition to be great and the knowledge, later on, of his heritage, had twisted a brilliant young man into a Dark Lord feared all over Europe.


 


But now he was right here with the rest of them, fighting to protect their world from someone who wanted to destroy it. 


 


Tom huffed, "I can feel you thinking all the way to here. Never guessed we'd meet again like this?"


 


Harry grinned sheepishly, "can you blame me for thinking like that? After all, for the first 17 years of my life you were the bogeyman of the Wizarding world, someone who wanted to kill me no matter the cost. To see you like this, like it should have been makes me glad I dedicated that orphanage to you."


 


Tom looked oddly touched at that, a soft smile on his face, "I did like what you did to the place, and for what reason. Had there been a magical orphanage in my time things would have turned out very differently. I hope that with this, as well as all the changes in the wizarding world and the world in general there won't be a child treated like I was, not anymore."


 


Harry nodded, "that was the whole point behind all that, to make sure that no one - be they magical or enhanced - would need to grow up among people that don't understand what is going on. So they know that they are not alone in this, and it isn't something like being possessed or a freak ability that makes them like this, it's just who they are."


 


Tom nodded, and out of the corner of his eye, he could see Loki nodding along to what they were saying. The man had also been an outcast on Asgard for choosing magic over fighting and learning to handle a weapon as his main choice of attack. It might not be totally the same, but the times Loki had come to Earth those topics had been discussed. They would also need to be addressed once the Asgardians settled here, or on some other planet, as those might just hold other customs.


 


Arriving at the more heated parts of the battle field, all three men fell silent as they approached the place Harry had been standing before. The same place where Tony, James and Rhodey were keeping the Mad Titan at bay - even if Tony was doing most of the heavy lifting, being the most durable for now.


 


While people were aware that they were enhanced, it was more known about Harry than it was about Tony, and especially with the way this version of Thanos had no idea just what they were, they wanted to keep that ace hidden for a little while longer.


 


The Mad Titan would be in for enough of a surprise when Harry showed up again, whole and healthy like he hadn't just been swatted away and had to realign his spine.


 


Tom looked at him, "what's the plan?"


 


Harry grinned, "hit them hard and make it hurt. Let them realise that whatever it was that they had in their aadvantage that made them win in their home dimension won't be the reason they win here. We're stronger together, just because of the common goal we all have - we can use that to win once again."


 


As he was speaking, people from all over the world were announcing that they were making their way to the compound, and the state of New York, to make sure that Thanos and his army was dealt with. Stephen from where he could see the sorcerer was making sure that the people who let him know would get a portal in their vicinity to get through, all the while the Asgardians were close by to protect him from the invading army.


 


Harry grinned even wider, "without the gauntlet we will have a chance at defeating the Mad Titan, a chance I want to take with both hands."


 


He turned to his companions, "you ready? We're going to free up James and Rhodey so they can go and give support elsewhere. Between the tree of us and Tony, I am sure we'll be able to take on whatever Thanos throws at us."


 


Tom and Loki nodded, before they set a brisk pace towards the spot Tony was standing. Rhodey and James getting told over their coms that they would be relieved in just a moment, freeing them to go and give support on other sectors of the battlefield.


 


---


 


Tony could only smile when Rhodey and James pulled back, knowing from his altercations with this version of Thanos that the Mad Titan would think that they were giving up, and close to giving in. He would never suspect that Harry would be standing in front of him within moments to make sure that he too was stopped before anything else could happen.


 


"What is this Stark, giving up so soon. Your counterpart kept on fighting - on to the last second, until one of my chitauri ripped him apart limb for limb."


 


Tony had to repress a shudder, to hear how this other version of him had met his end, how lost he must have felt and how devastated the people watching must have been. He knew the risks of becoming a superhero, something he was sure this other version had known too. But still, no one deserved an end like that.


 


"But I am not that version, this is a whole new dimension, one you made the mistake of trespassing into. You won't be leaving this alive."


 


Thanos looked down at him, making Tony become aware of just how his other self had been ripped apart by this being and his army, but he wouldn't let that discourage him. Harry would be here soon with more powerful backup than Thanos could conjure - especially without the reality stone - they would be fine and making sure their dimension was saved, and the other one was avenged.


 


---


 


Further down the battlefield people from all over were working together to stop the army that was still trying to make their way past them to go look for Wade, or Deadpool, in an effort to get Thanos' gauntlet back. Which of course, wasn't something they were going to let happen. Not when they had already won once against this same alien and this same army - once more was within their grasp.


 


It brought all of them courage to keep on fighting, even after the events just before, what had been done once, could be done again. This time with back-up from all over the world arriving to give them a hand.


 


Those that were familiar with the Lord Black also knew that he would be up and running in no time, telling others that the man - even as a teen - didn't have a habit of staying down, and wouldn't start on that anytime soon.


 


Severus, Lucius, Rodolphus and Rabastan were making sure that some of the injured were able to be transported to STARK tower without any of the aliens hitching a ride along. They weren't going to let these creatures get to NEw York City - or any major city - when contained they would be so much easier to deal with.


 


For Lucius it was as if his friends had never left him, like they were still teens looking for their way in life and having each other to lean on.


 


"This sure brings back memories, does it not."


 


Looking at his son's godfather, Lucius couldn't help but nod, he had missed Severus and had always been saddened by the fact he didn't get to say goodbye. Something lessened when after Draco started working on the cabinet of Minister Granger, he found out just how far Harry Potter had gone to clear Severus of all charges and to make sure that the man would be seen as one of the greatest potions masters in history, as well as an official headmaster of Hogwarts.


 


To be here fighting alongside a man he had come to respect and who in the end had been just what the Wizarding World, and the World as a whole needed, was an amazing experience and one (although he hoped that wasn't the case) he wouldn't think twice about giving his life for.


 


He was certain that everyone present here today was willing to give their life for this cause - even the deceased that came back alive would sacrifice themselves for those that were still alive, if only for the fact that they still had a life to live. He knew this for certain as both Lestanges and Severus had jumped in front of deadly attacks that they could take and literally walk off, while it would mean the end of him.


 


---


 


Thanos did indeed do a double take when he noticed Harry getting closer again, the British born wizard was advancing at an alarming speed, one not hindered whatsoever by anyone that stood in his way. Either by a spell he himself cast, or by a spell cast by one of his fellow mages, those on Thanos' side fell like flies as the three made their way to stand next to Tony.


 


Looking slightly back to see Gellert and Albus keeping the other at bay with a large perimeter spell that would only allow those they willed to pass - such as Harry, Tom and Loki - while keeping out all the others - mainly Thanos' forces.


 


This was also something the Mad Titan hadn't taken into account with the way his glare was directed to the oldest mages among them. Both who had faced down bigger foes (namely their ex-lover) so an alien with illusions of grandeur was nothing. It wasn't like he could hurt them when they were already dead.


 


But here he was, the famous Mad Titan, isolated from his army and up against the Merchant of Death, the Master of Death, the God of Mischief and the most powerful Dark Lord the world had seen in centuries. He didn't stand a chance in hell to come out of this, something he seemed to be releasing when all four of them released the hold they had on their magic.


 


Soon the army would be dealt with, of this they were certain, all that rested was the Mad Titan himself.


 


---


 


Wade stopped running for a little while again, he hadn't heard anyone close by in an hour or two, so was certain he was alone. And even if he wasn't he didn't fear for his life, as nothing he had encountered so far was capable of killing him.


 


The only thing, or person, capable of doing so would only do so when he asked for the sweet release of Death. Only to be enclosed into her embrace until the end of time, as there was no way he would leave Vanessa behind after everything they had been through.


 


Wanting to try and contact her, he asked aloud, "Vanessa?"


 


Hoping that this time she would answer and whatever had been bothering her, or keeping her occupied, would be dealt with. The Thanos that had appeared here had been in breach with so many rules Primordials were there to safekeep - plus it would give her a chance to deal with the creep herself.



Wade almost couldn't help his sigh in relief when cold started to surround him, before arms wrapped around his waist and he sacked back just a bit against Vanessa from where she pressed her cheek to his back.


 


"I was a bit worried there, My Lady."


 


She sighed, "I know, but an entire universe just collapsed on itself even when there was no one there anymore. It startled all of us and took a long time to make sure that whatever happened there wouldn't branch out to neighbouring universes."


 


Wade hummed, "that can't be a coincidence."


 


As he said that, he turned and showed the Primordial Being what he was carrying in his arms.


 


"That's an infinity gauntlet."


 


Wade nodded.


 


"This universe didn't have an infinity gauntlet."


 


Wade nodded again, a grim look on his face as he could see Vanessa's face change as she came to the same conclusion.


 


"That Thanos came here? Wielding an infinity gauntlet? How did you get it off of him?"


 


"Yeah, gave us all a scare when he was suddenly standing here, that same damn smirk on his face as the one we just defeated. When you didn't answer any of us, we knew something big was going on. We just needed to keep him busy."


 


He took a deep breath, "Harry managed to get it off and give it to me, Doctor Strange opened a portal so I could get to the whole other side of the Earth then where Thanos and his new army was gathering."


 


He winced, "last that I saw, Thanos swatted Harry to the side, the sound that came from his body coming down wasn't nice to hear. I am sure that if he weren't the Master, he would have died."


 


Vanessa winced and rubbed her chest, making Wade realise that she did feel it each and every time they died. He had wondered about that for a while now especially seeing as he did die quite a few times already. As the Primordial Being of Death she knew when people died, but the three of them were special in that case.


 


"So that's what I felt, Harry died again for a moment. I'm happy he isn't so prone to doing that anymore - there was a time before when he died too many times to count, since he and My Merchant have found each other it has decreased exponentially - for which I am glad. It just surprised me, even if he is the one out of the three of you who is able to regenerate the fastest."


 


Wade hummed, "it's because he's the Master of Death, is it not? He is on the same level as you are - Tony and I, we were chosen because of what we represented for you - a lover and someone willing to bring Death to those that wronged the people or Earth as a whole - he might not like what his weapons did, but they were effective in what they did."


 


Vanessa just hummed, looking into the direction Wade guessed was the state of New York in the USA, he couldn't be sure of course, as he was certain Stephen had zapped him to the other side of the globe to make sure Thanos, nor the man's minions were able to get to him.


 


She looked down at the gauntlet in his hands, "now I understand how that universe was able to just fall apart. After all, their infinity stones are gone and stopped supporting that version of what might have happened."


 


She looked in the distance, "not that it was such a pleasant fate for all those involved to begin with."


 


Wade nodded, "we all noticed, when that version of Thanos appeared with Rogers head in his hand. I think most of the battlefield, as well as the people following on the live stream were shocked to see that this would happen - or could happen - if they let Rogers lead them into battle."


 


Vanessa nodded, "as I stated before, no one was alive anymore. It was a wasteland - nothing could grow or evolve, they stagnated and were just broken down into nothingness. Something I am glad happened only after every living thing was destroyed or taken with Thanos when he came here."


 


Turning to Wade, she grinned, "but as he changes universes and brings the balance of this world in peril, I am allowed to interfere, to of course keep the order and make sure this universe doesn't befal the same fate as the one I just came from."


 


Wade snorted, "and the fact that you can kick the great purple raisin's ass had absolutely nothing to do with it?"


 


Vanessa looked at him with a secretive smile on her face, "of course not, I am here to keep an eye on the balance, love, he's disturbing it. I am well within my right to interfere now."


 


Her eyes rested on the gauntlet, "but we won't be needing that anymore, this universe already has its own infinity stones, more and it will be perilous for a whole other reason."


 


Waving her hand, a portal or wormhole thing appeared under Wade's hand, the mercenary dropped the gauntlet in it, happy to be rid of it. Certain that Thanos, nor his army, could try anything now. They wouldn't be able to get to their infinity stones, and getting theirs back would be an impossible feat.


 


Extending his arm, he looked at his lover, "shall we join the fight, My Lady?"


 


Letting out a delightful laugh, Vanessa hooked her arm into his and conjured up another portal back to the battlefield, letting her Master and her Merchant know that she was on her way to assist in taking down the idiot that tried to give her - had already given her - so much work.


 


---


 


Harry could feel a brush of something on his mind, the slight chill he had always associated with Vanessa accompanying it, letting him know that she was seeking access to his mind, even if she could just enter she had never done so - respecting his privacy too much to just invade it, unless it was an emergency.


 


Opening up his mind, he was relieved to feel her once again, they had all been worried something had happened to the Primordial Being, and the chance of that happening brought about implications none of them wanted to think about.


 


But to feel her presence and to know that she was on her way made him grin for an entirely different reason. After all, they had been so focused on keeping Thanos at bay, in part because of her - as they wanted to make sure the Mad Titan never considered her showing up as a way of her reciprocating his 'feelings'. Now, however, this version of Thanos had come here to take over this universe and leave his own to disappear.


 


This Thanos had already changed his goal, otherwise he wouldn't be here, and as such, Vanessa appearing wouldn't be anything but the Titan's doom. 


 


Turning his grin to the Mad Titan in question, the alien looked at him with a sneer still not believing that even though he rose from the dead, he was an actual threat. But then again, he didn't know that about 40% of the people standing in front of him, or against him were already dead, and had only returned to deal with him and his army.


 


Seeing the grin unnerving him, Harry knew he just had to keep it going for a little while, those around him - namely his husband, best friend and former nemesis who he did at one time share a mind link with - could make up that something was about to happen. Tony, having felt Vanessa's touch just the same and realising that she was arriving any moment now, started grinning alongside the Brit. He was looking forward to Thanos' face when faced with Lady Death herself.


 


After exchanging looks, both Tony and Harry snorted, only grinning wider as the chill that mostly accompanied Vanessa started to creep in. Footsteps started to sound around them, as if an army was marching towards their location.


 


Tony and Harry were well aware of what was going to happen, after all, Wade must have found her while he was running, and with both of them loving their dramatics they were choosing to play this out in their favor.


 


Exchanging looks with the other two mages, all four of them took a step back when a portal opened up between them, the chill spreading even further as their breaths became visible. For some reason it gave Harry some minor flashbacks to all the encounters he had with dementors, even if this was a whole different kind of chill and he knew that Vanessa's powers would never be able to harm him. Nor would he react to this as severely as he did to dementors. No, this was all a show to let the Mad Titan know that he had lost before anything had even started.


 


When she did appear, it was in all her glory - not in the lovely and pleasant visage of Vanessa, but in the cold and all-knowing one of Lady Death, complete with her own scythe, the dark cloak and even a skeletal hand keeping a hold of the weapon she wielded. She stopped in between the two pairs of men already present, Wade just behind her at her side, with Harry coming to stand next to her and Tony just a step behind him.


 


Behind Tony and Wade; Tom and Loki conveigned, giving Thanos a very unified view from one he had longed for - or was said to long after - as well as those in her favor currently. The man seemed to realise that something was going on here that he would have never been able to forsee.


 


He was after all well aware of Lady Death, and knew how to recognize her, most likely did recognize her from the way his eyes almost bulged out of his head at the sight of her standing next to these mortals as if it was her favourite place in the world (and for those that knew her, it was). Totally at ease with being she could blink out of existence with just a snap of her fingers, should she so choose.


 


Death grinned at the Mad Titan, "what is wrong Titan, after all that you have done to get my attention, it seems as if you don't want it anymore. If anything, you seem to be angry at the fact I choose to spend my time with mortals at my side, instead of at your side."


 


As he opened his mouth to reply, she cut him off, "there is no mortal out there that can tempt me, Titan, and no mortal that can dream of me by their side."


 


She looked at her chosen few, and smiled, "of course, there are those exceptions to the rule, such as those who I deemed my Chosen, or those that have been in some way linked to me in their life or their afterlife."


 


Thanos seemed to realise that the men around her were more than he realised. He knew Loki was of Asgard, but other than that, he had no idea how he could be linked to Lady Death. The three mortals, one who arrived with Her and two who he knew returned from the dead, and one he again had no idea of how he was connected to Her, once again.


 


Death grinned only wider, looking at the Titan, as well as the people of Earth who were keeping a close eye on the proceedings in what was once protected by a force shield - now taken down seeing as the Titan's forces had been wiped out by their alliance.


 


"There are those chosen by me, either by their legacy - who is known as a Goddess of Death", as she said this she mentioned to Loki, who bowed slightly, "there are those who feared and revered me enough to mention me in their newly chosen name, and when their time did come, came with me quietly to enjoy their peace", she mention to Tom, whose moniker appeared above him, 'Vol de Mort'.


 


Finally, she extended her hand to her lover, gazing upon him with loving eyes, "there is my Champion who fought for me, even when he didn't know he did, and was rewarded for it."


 


Extending her other hand to Tony and Harry, the couple laid their entwined hands into her free one, "there is my Merchant, who gained my favor for never fearing Death when it was brought upon him, and who in turn made sure that those that deserved it met with me. For that he was rewarded.


 


And My Master, the one to collect all the hallows and walk towards his dead like one walks towards an old friend - one who had been my companion in times I didn't even know what to do, and was rewarded for that too."


 


She turned towards Thanos again, "those that seek me, never find me, but those that live their lives will find me eventually and join me in the Afterlife. You however, Titan, went out of your way to seek me, in such a measure that it consumed you and let other entities consume you in turn. Only those who have found themselves again are given access to the afterlife, which you will be denied - as nothing of yourself remains after all these years. I erase you, invader, and hope no one else rises, foolish enough to attempt what you have done."


 


With a wave of her hand, the Titan fell apart in little particles and just floated away, absorbed back into the universe he was so eager to destroy.



Thanos it would seem did know that he had lost just seeing none of his army still standing when the barrier Albus and Gellert had been holding up was taken down. Out of everyone that had invaded, he was the last one standing.


 


When Lady Death started her speech, he seemed to know that this was inevitable and whatever happened now would be the end of him, and his conquest. After all, a Primordial Being wasn't to be trifled with, not even by one who had started out seeking her favour.


 


When she waved her hand and he started to dissemble, it was almost like a kind of relief was seen on his face, that it was finally over and done with - even if it didn't end in his favour, it did end.


 


The group of very remarkable people that had gathered to help fight Thanos, be they from Earth themselves, or answering the call they had tried to send out - some had even come from the whole other side of the universe - stayed quiet for just a moment. After all, last time they had started cheering right after their victory another adversary had presented itself.


 


Out back, someone did started cheering when nothing else happened, the joy and just the relief at knowing this was all over made its way through the crowd, and even around the globe where other people were waiting for word on what had happened, only to hear that they had won were quick to join.


 


---


 


All over the world people started to come out of their houses and into the streets, forming an impromptu party without anyone realising it, the knowledge that they had won against one of the largest army in the universe, and had managed to make the universe as a whole a better place (twice over even) was reason enough to celebrate.


 


Heads of state and Army leaders were meeting up whenever they could to talk about this, and try to have an outline on what else they could do - together with the enhanced counsel - on a worldwide defence effort. None of them were naive to think that this would be the last of it, after first New York and now these battles; they had put Earth on the Universal map (so to speak) and others would be around to try their own hand in taking over their planet.


 


But, with the effort and the base the enhanced counsel, as well as Black and Stark had accomplished, they knew that finding people willing and able to stand against aliens and what not were not hard to find, and quite numerous once you knew about it.


 


It was also without question that they needed to find a solution for the extra people that had been willing to show up (and hadn't that been a surprise and a half to suddenly find that people already passed had been permitted to come and help them), but then again, when word reached all of them about the title that Harry Black and Tony Stark held - and that it wasn't just a moniker - they were not that surprised to know they made something like this happen.


 


Those acquainted with Harry Potter-Black knew what kind of miracles the younger of the two could pull off. And Tony Stark had already been known as somewhat of a genius who found a way no matter what he needed to do (Afghanistan had been a prime example of that).


 


---


 


Back on the battlefield clean up was starting, although that was made a whole lot easier with all the enhanced present that could either magic debris away, or turn back time sosaid debris wasn't there anymore.


 


Harry and Tony, as well as Lady Death, Wade, Loki and Tom were helping out wherever they could but kept on being interrupted when someone wanted to speak with the power couple for all that they had done to make sure that Thanos was defeated.


 


Most others were too much in awe at knowing that the quirky and sweet Vanessa was really Lady Death, a Primordial Being that went above and beyond their comprehension. But those already in the know had just greeted her, telling her they were glad for her indirect and direct help to deal with this situation.


 


Loki once he was sure that he wasn't needed anymore, made his way to STARK tower after word reached him that Sleipnir, the one child even Thor had no idea where he was, had showed up - able to take the shape of a horse, he had been hiding on Earth, together with Jormungandr, but felt it safe to come out now that the immediate threat of Odin and Thanos were dealt with.


 


 No one had the heart to tell the man that he had to stay when he had already done a lot, and a parent wanting to see his/her children was something they all could agree with.


 


As Loki took a portal to STARK Tower; Teddy, Harley, Peter, and most of their familie (such as Happy, Colin, Narcissa and Andromeda) made their way onto the remnant of the battlefield to assist in clean up. And to make sure that their family and friends were alright.


 


All four of the teen boys had hugged Harry extra tight when they saw their father/uncle, fearing that the hit he had taken from Thanos did more harm then they were led to believe. All of them were only letting go when Harry assured them, backed up by Vanessa and Tony, that he was fine - sore and tired, but fine.


 


"Boys, I am fine, remember that I am not that hard to kill."


 


Tom, who was still around, grumbled under his breath, "you can say that again."


 


Making Harry beam up at the other man, said man just glowered back, even if his eyes - a more red-brown than the red they had been when he was alive - showed his pleasure in their banter. It once again showed Harry just how much Tom had changed just because of his upbringing. Had that not happened, they would have a Tom Riddle that would be a professor or even the headmaster of Hogwarts, enjoying teaching instead of losing himself like he had done before.


 


He was glad that a lot of the Death eaters had chosen to come back too, to help the world or England with defending themselves and changing the reputation they still had even almost 2 decades after the war. Opinions were being changed with seeing them so changed in Death and willing to work with the Light side to protect what was really important.


 


For most of the Magical community it had been quite a shock to get word that Gellert Grindelwald, Albus Dumbledore and Tom Riddle were seen joining into the relief effort. Even more so when the oldest of the three wizards came down to Hogwarts once most of the relief effort was done.


 


The current headmistress was very emotional when she was joined by Albus, and later on even by Severus, both former headmasters taking one last tour of the ancient castle they had at one time called home before they would have to go back to the afterlife.


 


Lady Death had let them know that she was keeping the connection going for a little while, to give all of them the chance to say goodbye to those people they hadn't had a chance to do before. Or to walk in the halls of their former home, or can enjoy those things they could only look over in the afterlife. This was the thing they wanted the most, and would be able to do too.


 


---


 


Harry sat down on a bench outside of the newly restored compound, those who had come from all over had given their goodbyes and were making their way back home - it had been awe inspiring to see so many people together, he had seen Wakandans, Latverians, and even aliens from all corners of the universe, working together to deal with Thanos.


 


Feeling someone's arm around his waist, he leaned back into Tony, feeling his husband rest his chin on his shoulder, "finally it is over."


 


The genius hummed, "finally we can have other things to focus on."


 


Harry laughed, "you are right at that, I know you have a whole drawer full of projects you put on hold until this is over, projects you can finally start on in the name of MI or SI. We set the starting point, let's see what Earth will do with the people present here, as I hold no illusions we'll need it more in the future."


 


Tony grinned, "the president already called me to talk everything over, and I know there are rumours of the UN calling on us too - as soon as the counsel gives them leave to contact us, they're holding them all off so we can get a breather."


 


Harry hummed, "I hate politics, but I guess that won't be so bad, if it's for the better of Earth and the universe."


 


Tony laughed at that, "we were prepared to be given a figure position once this took off. We already held some sway with the enhanced counsel before they were connected to something as big as the UN, when they get attached, we'll be figureheads for an idea that might just make the Earth a better place -finally.


 


Plus, I see them doing something with the alien allies we had here today, some of them like the people from Xandar, the Guardians of the Galaxy and Captain Mar-Vel, might be worth making an official alliance with. I don't know what they think about the ravagers, and the mismatch of Kree and Skrull, among other races, that showed up today, but I'm sure with Queen Frigga at hand, we'll be able to get the first steps towards an universal alliance going."


 


Looking up, they could see the Queen walking among her people with her sons and grandchildren at her side, greeting those she knew or introducing herself to those she did not. Thanking them in the name of Asgard and Midgard/Terra/Earth for the help they gave them all.


 


Cuddling up to each other, Harry and Tony made time to just enjoy the moment at least until all the chaos would start in meeting with world leaders, the UN and the skeletal fundations of the universal alliance. For now they wanted to just enjoy their victory - and once they were puppy piled by their son and nephews, enjoy family around them. Finally that would be something they had time for, in between all the planning for what had happened here today.


 


Pepper, Happy, the rest of the Weasleys, Narcissa and Lucius were making their way towards them as well. Most likely ready to leave back to the Tower and just get some rest. Hopefully the UK would reach out and let them know everything was alright there too.


 


Tom, and a lot of the Death Eaters, had already said their goodbyes and had gone back to the afterlife. None of them were comfortable with all that was happening, happy with what they had done, but leaving the rest to the living.


 


Harry and Tom did have a private conversation before the former Dark Lord left, clearing the air of anything that had still been bothering either of them. The eldest of them thanked Harry once again for the orphanage in his honor, as well as everything that Harry had done in the UK to make it easier for people to get the help they needed - like Tom hadn't had.


 


---


 


In the UK, people were coming together to give a tribute to the person who had done so much for them all, but hadn't felt safe to stay in the country he was born in. Something the leading body wanted to change, especially after everything he had done once again - this time to save the whole universe from extinction - he shouldn't be shunned for something they didn't understand, no one had to be shunned, or villainized just for something that wasn't understood.


So, I am posting this early as it's my father's birthday tomorrow and I have no idea at what time I'll make it home and if I'll have the energy to upload stuff then. So, suprise!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


Harry was kicking his leg up with nerves, after everything was said and done. The dead, buried, and the wounded took care of all of them - those that had fought at least- had been invited to speak with the president and honoured for the things they had done for the good of the world, and America.


 


As they were wrapping up there, president Ellis had extended an invitation to Harry and Tony to attend a meeting with the UN and the skeleton group that was supposed to be the overview of the new enhanced task force together with the enhanced counsel.


 


If these last few days taught them anything it was that there were a whole lot more people able and willing to help than they had first thought. Why not give those people a voice, and a representative - which they had been named by all the people that had been asked (which had been most of the people present on the battlefield).


 


What hadn't been told at first was that most of the heads of state from around the world would be attending. And that the Queen herself had asked that they invite Harry and Tony personally,  instead of letting them call in.


 


They had planned on calling in, seeing as the meeting was to take place in London  which became an issue seeing as Harry had promised to never set foot in his country of birth, both for his own good and to please the people that were pointing fingers at him for being the next Dark Lord and using this changes to make sure people would follow him when the time came.


 


It had taken Tony, Vanessa, Wade, Remus, Lucius and Andy three days to talk to him, and convince him that he needed to go. that it might just be what he needed, with the way he did leave the UK almost 20 years earlier.


 


He had kept his promise, but one did not just wave away a personal invitation of the Queen of England, least of all when you were British yourself.


 


In the end it had taken several calls to England, to show Harry that those which believed him to be a Dark Lord in training, and wanting to convert the populace, had turned around at all the good the changes he had implemented brought. The fact that he was sincere in his promise never to return had even made some of them regret the way they had acted.


 


After all, he was British born and raised, having done so many amazing things for England, and continued to do so even from America. The fact that he had once again put his life on the line to save them all, had made them all agree that the agreements of 20 years earlier would be abolished. It was time their hero was allowed to come home.


 


So, here they were, waiting to be allowed into the UN building that would serve as the meeting spot. As not everything talked about was pertaining to the enhanced community, they were politely asked to wait. They could join the after meeting refreshments and such.


 


Besides the Queen, king T'Chaka of Wakanda and the representative of Latveria asked to talk to them, at their convenience.


 


Part of Tony wanted to laugh, one of the strongest people in the universe  and Harry was nervous to be back in his home country after not stepping foot into it for 20 years. His husband had the oddest quirks, but it was one of the reasons he lives him so much.


 


As his phone chimed, he had to laugh at the pictures they were getting. Pepper and Happy, as well as Remus, Dora and Andy had joined them in England and were watching over Harley, Teddy and Peter. The last one had been allowed to come since Ben and May wanted to enjoy their own little get away. Their nephew didn't mind as he had quite the company to go with to Europe of all things.


 


"Sweetheart, you need to calm down. Nothing will happen, we're here on the request of the Queen, who is also the monarch in the eyes of the Wizarding World, it will be fine, relax."


 


Harry took a deep breath in as Tony told him this, forcefully breathing it back out and going right back to jiggling his leg. Tony couldn't help but be slightly amused by this, even if he could see how tense Harry was being.


 


Settling his hands in the other man's shoulders he had him loon at him, a soft smile on his face as Harry smiled back without it being forced.


 


"It's ok, stop worrying."


 


Just as Harry opened his mouth to reply, the door to the conference room opened and one of the security person stepped out, " they would like to see you now."


 


As soon as the two of them stepped into the room, they were met with a standing ovation and applause, all of the people - royalty and heads of state alike - were looking at the two of them with awe very present in their eyes.


 


The only reason that Harry didn't look down, was because as one of the biggest businessmen in the world, as well as the husband of Tony Stark and the boy-who-lived had made him grow accustomed to stares wherever he came. Of course it was a bit different now as the people looking at him know where almost all people who were running, or helped run a country.


 


---


 


As they came out of the meeting room, both of them were impressed by the people that knew that by name and wanted to extend an invitation to them to either visit or broaden the reach of SI and/or MI.


 


Romania, or it's president, had taken the time to shake both their hands, thanking them for what they were doing in their country for the poorer neighbourhoods, and how because of that, so many things had changed in a positive way. He was joyous in asking them to come and visit to see just what they had done for his people.


 


The Queen, as she had asked, had the both of them escorted with her as they left for Buckingham palace, several hundred people standing at its gates to catch a glimpse of either them, or the royal family. The people they could see were holding up signs or banners with 'thank you' and 'you rock' messages scrawled across - it was something neither of them had really had happen. 


 


Once in the Palace, the Queen announced that they would be joined by the magical head of state, the current minister, who was well on her way to be re-elected for the fourth time in a row.


 


Knowing what was going to follow, Tony did a step to the side as a pretty woman with dark brown curls made her way to Harry and hugged him tightly to her, this would be the first hug the best of friends shared since Harry left the UK 20 years ago.


 


Grinning, Tony accepted the hand of a lanky redhead that appeared next to him. From all the Weasleys he had met, as well as the fact that Pepper was one as well, this was the only had he had never seen in real life. For all that Ron and Hermione Weasley were Harry's best friends, they had all had to miss each other since Harry left. The couple had big tasks to fulfill in the UK, while Harry had left for a reason and needed a lot of convincing to even consider coming back.


 


They finished their business with the Queen, before she left them to go back to her duties, telling both Harry and Tony to come by again for tea some other time. She was a little short on time today, but knew that her grandsons, and a whole platoon of family members would love to meet them.


 


---


 


Harry wiped at his eyes, "Hi Mione."


 


The current minister of magic gave a weak chuckle, the tears running over her cheeks as she smiled at her best friend.


 


"Hi Harry."


 


Turning she held out a hand out to Tony for him to shake, while Harry and Ron hugged each other close after so long.


 


"Tony, it's so nice to finally meet you face to face, I'm Hermione Granger-Weasley, I am so happy that Harry found you. From what Gin-Pepper has told me you're perfect for one another."


 


Tony smiled bashfully at this, he was so used to his own friends saying the same things, it felt good to hear that it was also true the other way around. Pepper knew the both of them well enough, that he did believe her, but this was still different.


 


Catching up, Hermione mentioned that there were other people that loved to see Harry, but hadn't wanted to overwhelm him. However, they had asked her to ask him - ask them - if they would want to visit Hogwarts, so they could all meet up, but it would be large enough that Harry wouldn't feel locked up. And didn't that make sense why Harry felt so at home in a mansion or a tower, to know he had done his schooling in an actual castle.


 


His husband had looked kind of uncertain, reminding Tony about how he had been uncertain about coming to the UK as a whole.


 


"I think we should go, love, if anything happens we just leave. And if something else happens, I did pack the starkanium suit in the expectation that we'd be going to the more magical dense places."


 


Hermione and Ron beamed right at him, as Harry looked at him, his lip worrying in between his lips.


 


"We came here for a reason right, and if I followed correctly then the opinions people had about you have changed drastically. I say we get the others, and the boys, and go and look at the school that you all went to. It had to be something, because I don't know how I could function without you and Pep at my side."


 


Harry blushed, with Hermione cooing at the two of them in the background. They might be sapy, but he knew that Harry liked that, they adored each other, and weren't afraid to show that. Especially not since they were proud that they were still so in love - and despite the family complaining, they were more than happy about that too.


 


---


 


As they were touring Hogwarts with the kids, Tony couldn't help but look around and try to get over the fact that Harry had willingly left all of this behind to make sure that England had the chance to grow without people assuming he's trying to force something. The fact that Hermions made sure that she had a very diverse cabinet in the office was one of those things that before had not been done. It had all been a game of bribes and helping one's family or allies instead of getting competent people in office. 


 


But it also told him that Harry's character was much like his own, that he was willing to give up his own happiness for that of his loved ones.


 


He still saw his beaming smile when the current headmistress had hugged him close when they arrived at Hogwarts, more than one person had told him that they had feared he would fly back to America sooner rather than later because of everything that had happened before.


 


But that laid behind them, they had saved Earth, and managed to give a lot of people a way to say goodbye to those they never had a chance to do so. People were seeing that enhanced, while different, were nothing to fear. In fact, it had been because of them that the Earth had been saved. It was proving to be an amazing time to see the world changing.


 


Grinning at his husband, Tony couldn't help but feel elated for meeting him, and for finding his happiness between technology, magic and death.


Well, that's it, a year's work all penned down and uploaded.Thanks to all of you who reviewed, left kudos and subscribed. This fic was my baby since last summer and started my journey back into writing. It's been an amazing year, now that I look back upon it. I can proudly say that the idea well isn't dry yet, and I will start a new fic next thursday.

Hope you're al safe, healthy and having fun!