Bucky Barnes is awake. Again. 

Except tonight, it's not the usual plague of nightmares keeping him awake, but something Dr. Raynor said. 

 You've been ignoring Sam Wilson again. You need to trust people, James. You need to cultivate friendships.  

And it's a nice idea, in theory. Only problem is, Bucky hasn't had a friend --Yori and Shuri aside--since Steve, and he isn't sure he even knows how to make a friend anymore, let alone  be  one. 

That's what's really holding him back, most times. He's a killer. An assassin.  The Winter Soldier . That all of these things are in the past, that he's making amends, doing his best to move forward, doesn't hold as much weight as the rest of it. How could he be much of a friend to anyone when most of the time, he can't even make sense of himself? Friendship takes work, and Bucky just wants to be sure he can give and take in equal measure. 

So he keeps himself at a distance, for the most part, even when he knows, deep down, that he shouldn't. That he's doing himself, and people like Sam, a disservice by holding back, ignoring texts, not making any effort to reach back out. 

Sighing, Bucky rolls over, picking up his phone and scrolling through the last few weeks of texts from Sam, all of them unanswered. 


 I'll be in Louisiana for the next few weeks, but you have my number. Check in every once and a while, lmk you're alive.  



 Lmk = let me know. I know you're an old man who might not know these things ;) 



 I'm in D.C this weekend if you wanna head down here, only a train ride away.  



 What do you do when you're not in your court-ordered therapy sessions, anyway? I'm imagining you talking to a plant.  



 ...Please tell me you don't actually talk to your plants. 



 [IMG.765] 



 You should get this for the arm. Get it? It's a panther.  


Reading through the messages, all these attempts at reaching out, Bucky feels like an asshole. How hard is it to pick up his phone and reply? Tell Sam they could meet up in D.C., even if it's just to take a walk in silence or something? It'd probably be a hell of a lot better than wandering around New York alone. 

It's three in the morning, but Bucky types out a message, stopping and starting over a good few times before he settles on something he feels okay enough to send. 


 Hi, Sam, how are you? Sorry I've been mostly MIA. How are things? I was thinking we could do something one day soon. Lmk. -- Bucky  


When he wakes up in the morning, the sun blinding through his curtainless windows, Bucky's pleasantly surprised to see a text from Sam come in as he sips his coffee.


 He's alive! Good to hear from you, Buck. You feel like coming down to D.C? I have the weekend free and company would be nice, it's been a while.  



 Wait a minute, 3AM? Man don't you sleep? Also, you know you don't have to sign your texts, right? You sound like a grandpa.  


Bucky stretches, yawns, thinks about getting up for a second cup of coffee before spending another endless day with his thoughts, and replies before he can think any better of it. 


 Company sounds good.  


*

Sam meets Bucky at the train station, and it's only a matter of minutes before Bucky wonders if he's made a mistake. Sam looks happy enough, casual in his green bomber jacket and jeans, a black t-shirt beneath the jacket. He looks Bucky up and down and asks, not unkindly, if he's going for the  undercover look.  

Bucky stares down at his own clothes: faded black jeans, black leather jacket over a black t-shirt, black sneakers. A hat that is technically charcoal gray but could easily pass for more black. 

"It's... a lot of black," Bucky acknowledges. 

"Nah, it suits you in a way," Sam says, apparently aware of Bucky's near immediate discomfort. "Like a rugged James Bond. So," he says, changing the subject and leading them out of the train concourse and into the bright sunlight of the early spring day. "What brings you here, Buck? You finally ready to admit you missed me?"

Bucky frowns. This doesn't have to be a big deal, but Sam is certainly making it into one.  

"I don't know," Bucky says, blowing out a breath. He looks around him. D.C. in the spring is nice, he realizes. The trees are in full bloom, there are people milling around everywhere, posing for pictures and talking and taking in the scenery, not to mention that the sun makes everything look... bright.  Hopeful , even. It's refreshing, being somewhere new.

"I'll take that silence as a 'Sam I missed you so much I simply had to come down and see you for myself, and by the way, you're the best, strongest Avenger out there.' And that's flattering, Buck, but--"

Bucky cuts him off. "My therapist thinks I need to  cultivate friendships ," he explains. Sam's smile is so smug it's making him feel a little crazy. 

"Aw, the bionic staring machine has  finally  come around to the idea being friends," Sam gloats.

"No I haven't, it's basically court-ordered friendship--"

"He wants to eat ice cream cones and take me fishing," Sam continues.

"Forget it," Bucky grits out. "Forget I said anything. Enjoy the rest of your weekend,  Samuel , I'm sure I can get another train."

"Oh no, don't you  Samuel  me. Come on, be my friend, Buck, I dare you. I  double  dare you," Sam grins. 

Bucky rolls his eyes. "You  dare  me? What are you, Steve Rogers in kindergarten?" 

"Hardly," Sam retorts. "Kid was asthmatic and sick more than he wasn't. C'mon," Sam continues. "Do it. You can't turn down a dare."

"I'm a hundred and six years-old, dares aren't really enticing to me these days." Bucky's silent for a minute, taking in Sam's bright, laughing face and easy smile. He could be friends with Sam. He's a pain in the ass, like, a major pain in his ass. But he's a good guy, too. 

Not that he'd ever tell him that. Certainly not now, as Sam continues to smirk at him, arms folded over his chest like he's just waiting for Bucky to come around. 

"Fine," Bucky says. "We're friends."

"Oh no," Sam shakes his head, looking far too pleased with himself now. "You're gonna have to earn my friendship, James Bucky Barnes."

Of course he was. 

*

They spend the first part of their Saturday walking through the city, sightseeing and catching up. Sam has a small apartment downtown, and he points out little details as they pass them. 

The park where he runs -- where he used to run with Steve, Bucky knows, but neither of them say as much. He does wonder though, how Sam handles it, missing Steve so much sometimes it feels like a physical ache in his chest. 

Sam takes him to the place he likes to get his coffee, because, as Sam tells it,  Starbucks is too bougie. 

He tells Bucky about what he's been up to with the Air Force, the missions he takes and loves, the ones he takes and immediately regrets, and the people he's met along the way. Bucky can tell immediately that Sam has a particular affinity for this guy Joaquin Torres, who he teams up with more often than not. 

"He'll talk you ear off, fire off more questions about Tony Stark and Steve Rogers than any journalist I've ever met, but he's a great dude," Sam says, smiling. "He'll do anything for you once you get to know him. He's just one of those guys, you know?" 

Bucky  does  know, and thinks momentarily of Steve, again, his eternal quest to do the right thing -- the best thing -- every time, and wonders if he'll ever know someone like that again in his too-long life. 

"He sounds great," Bucky says as they walk. 

Sam drags him into Georgetown Cupcake, insisting that the line is worth it, even as Bucky grumbles that he doesn't need  anything  that bad, and continues to keep the conversation flowing pleasantly, steering them into an easy cadence. 

That's the thing about Sam, Bucky was starting to realize. As much as he enjoys giving Bucky a hard time about this friendship thing, he's clearly genuinely glad to see him, and he's making an effort to put him at ease, even if that meant carrying the conversation for them when Bucky can't find the right thing to say. 

It's nice, especially considering Bucky's long stretches of silence over the last few months. Bucky thinks of Sam's message last night. 

 Company would be nice, it's been a while .

He wonders if, despite the missions, the routines, his friendship with people like Torres, Sam is just a little bit lonely, too.

*

Sam's apartment isn't nearly as small as he made it seem. 

"This is really nice," Bucky tells him as Sam shows him around, pointing out the bathroom and the couch where Bucky would be sleeping for the weekend. 

And it  is  nice. Sam had clearly put a lot of time into decorating the place, making it a home. The couch looks lived-in but nice, a soft, deep brown leather that Bucky imagines must feel amazing to sink into. There are art prints on the walls, more than a few stacks of books around the living room that Bucky itches to peek into, and--

"You have a fish?" Bucky asks, surprised. He walks over to the little tank and looks in at what he sees now are two fish, swimming in circles. 

"Two of them," Sam nods. "That's Dave, and that over there's Squirtle."

Bucky stares. " Dave  and  Squirtle? What kind of names are those for fish?" He asks. 

"You come into my house and mock my fish?" 

"Not the fish, just their names," Bucky corrects. 

Sam laughs. "I let my nephews name them," he explains. "They're ten so..."

"Dave and Squirtle," Bucky nods. 

"Exactly."

They decide to order pizza for dinner, and Sam introduces Bucky to Among Us while they wait. Bucky's mostly confused, but it's fun, and Sam gets into it, determined to pull one over on the people they're playing with. 

When Bucky's blob gets killed for the third time in a row, Sam laughs, lifting the last of his beer to his lips and shaking his head. "Man, for a former assassin, you're  terrible  at being sneaky," Sam tells him, voice teasing.

Bucky laughs a little, then shakes his head. "Hey, I gave all that up. It's why I'm here, befriending you, remember?"

"How could I forget? Bucky Barnes himself, here to sleep on my couch," Sam says. He's quiet for a minute, then: "How's all that going, really?" 

 Really?  Bucky thinks of the near constant nightmares, and Yori, and his failed date with Leah. The fact that he only has three contacts in his phone and one of them is here in this room and genuinely wants to know how he's doing and for once, Bucky's honest.

"It's okay," he says with a nod. "Most of the time. It's slow going, but it's going." It's not much, in the scheme of things, but it's a hell of a lot more than he's said to most people, even Dr. Raynor, most days, and he feels proud to have done it, this small breakthrough. 

"I have dreams sometimes that I'm... still... You know."

Sam nods and doesn't press for more, and Bucky doesn't say anything else.

They're happy to spend the rest of the night flipping through channels, bickering about what to watch as Sam fills Bucky in on the plots of countless shows and movies he's missed over the years, before they settle on something Bucky actually  has  seen. 

"No way," Sam says, throwing his head back and laughing. "Of all things, you've seen  Pretty Woman? "

Bucky shrugs. "It was on, I was up."

"Good enough for me," Sam says, and sets the remote down. They settle in on his ridiculously plush couch and watch Julia Roberts get her hand snapped in a jewelry box. 

*

When Bucky gets back to New York on Sunday afternoon, his apartment feels especially silent. He pulls out his phone.


 So, does this mean we're friends? 



 Oh no, it's not that easy, Bucko 


Bucky groans, but he's smiling as he does it. 

*

A month later, Bucky gets a message from Sam, asking if he feels like meeting up. They've texted here and there since Bucky's trip to D.C. He's still kind of terrible about answering every single time, but he has reached out first a few times, and he thinks that counts for something. 


 I'm in your neck of the woods, you have time for a bite? 



 A bite? Who are you and what have you done with Sam? 



 Food, Buck, you wanna eat? I'm only in town today.  



 Where are you?  


Sam sends his location and Bucky is surprised by how happy he is to know that Sam's here, close by, and wants to see him.  Friends . 


 I know a place. 


Bucky grabs a jacket and sets off to meet Sam, debating between the sushi place and a taco place Sam might like, and he all but runs into him when he gets to the park Sam said he'd be. 

"Head in the clouds, Barnes?" Sam says by way of greeting. He gives Bucky a quick half-hug, pulling back quickly as if realizing such a thing might not be welcome, and Bucky instantly misses the easy, familiar contact. Hugging isn't something he does -- well, ever, really -- and it'd been nice, however brief. 

"Hi, Sam," Bucky says. "I didn't know you were in town."

"I didn't know I was coming," Sam explains. "I had a last minute work thing and I figured what better time to check in on Mr. Snow Miser?"

"Snow Miser?"

Sam laughs, thumbs over his phone for a second before turning it for Bucky to see and explaining that he's from some old Christmas movie for kids. 

"For kids?" Buck asks, horrified. "He's terrifying."

"Yeah, and so are you, most of the time," Sam teases.

Bucky scoffs. "You came all this way to call me names?" 

"I came all this way for work," Sam corrects. "The rest is just a bonus."

"And here I thought you just wanted to see your friend."

Sam laughs. "Not so fast, you're not at friend level just yet."

They walk through the park together, keeping pace easily as they dodge parents with strollers and dogs on leashes as they catch up. Bucky feels a little looser, this time, in his own city, walking with Sam. Maybe because they really are developing a rapport, or maybe just because that's how Sam is -- easy to be around. 

When they pass a gaggle of kids and parents by an ice cream truck, Sam stops in his tracks. "I haven't stopped for the ice cream man in way too long," he says. 

So they stop for the ice cream man, if only because Sam looks about as excited as one of the kids in line, and what kind of monster would Bucky be to disagree? He gets a vanilla cone with chocolate sprinkles for himself, and a twist with chocolate sprinkles for Sam, and they find a bench to sit on. 

"Thanks," Sam says, diving into his cone. "But you can't buy friendship either, you know," he adds with a smirk. 

Bucky sighs, and starts in on his own ice cream. He feels about ten years old, eating ice cream in the middle of the day in a park, and it's... nice, actually. 

"So," Bucky says, determined to get better at this. "Work stuff all good?"

Sam looks at him, seems to weigh something in his head before responding. "Yeah, work's all good. Except... I wasn't technically here for that kind of work. I know a guy at a bank up here and..." He heaves a world-weary sigh, and Bucky's stomach tightens, positive bad news is about to follow. Sam's face -- in his limited experience with Sam's face, anyway -- never looks so pinched, and Bucky knows this can't be good. 

He waits, quiet while Sam organizes his thoughts and explains. 

"My family had this boat, growing up. A shrimping boat."

"A shrimping boat?" Bucky repeats, eyebrows furrowing. He's never heard of such a thing. 

Sam just nods. "We have a seafood business," he continues. "Hence the boat. Anyway, when I joined the Air Force, my sister, Sarah, stayed in Louisiana and took all that on -- caring for our parents, the boat, the store."

"Sounds like a lot," Bucky says, imagining it. And since Sam mentioned nephews, he imagines Sarah was doing all this while taking care of kids. 

"It is," Sam sighs. "Anyway, the boat's on its last legs, almost entirely busted, and we need a loan to keep everything afloat--no pun intended. I thought my contact here might be able to help me, but apparently not," Sam sighs again. 

"I'm sorry," Bucky offers, feeling helpless. He wants there to be something he can do, to offer Sam, but he hardly has boat money himself, and he knows next to nothing about boats, shrimping or otherwise. 

"Yeah," Sam nods. "Thanks. We'll figure something out, the Wilsons always do. I have a few more contacts I'm hoping can help me," he says, obviously trying to lighten the mood. "But until then," he says. "What do you do for fun, Barnes?"

"Fun?" Bucky repeats, the word like a foreign concept on his tongue. 

"You know, that thing people do in their free time? Something that makes them happy. Buck, I know you're not asking me to define  fun  for you, because that's just too sad, even for you, man."

"I know what  fun  means," Bucky huffs. "I'm not actually a... what was it again? Cold Miser? I do enjoy things."

"Snow, Miser, but you're getting there," Sam tells him. "Now, come on, give me the tour, I only have a few hours before I have to be back in D.C., and I want to see all the spots." 

*

By the time Bucky gets back home, he's pleasantly exhausted after walking the length of the city with Sam for the better part of the day. He doesn't have  spots  , exactly, and he'd been a little hesitant, but Sam seemed to enjoy their long walks, even if they had limited destinations along the way. He kicks off his shoes and grabs a water from the fridge and stretches himself out on his bed. He might not sleep there most nights, but it  is  nice to lay on and unwind. 

He thinks of how easy it was, being with Sam, and as much as he hates to admit it, thinks again that maybe Raynor was right after all, and maybe he could have friends, someday. They were off to a good start, no matter what Sam said. They'd eaten their ice cream and made their way to Central Park, where Sam had helped some kid get his kite out of a tree, handing it back to him with a wink and a smile that was contagious. The kid's mom had looked ready to hug him. 

Now, Bucky lays there, sipping his water and scrolling idly through his phone, googling shrimping boats, just to see what's out there. He finds  a lot  of know it alls on Reddit, which makes him wary of anything they have to offer; some helpful YouTube videos of dads explaining exactly what to do and how; and helpful but vague WikiHow articles. 

It's definitely a start.

He lets himself think of how helpful something like this would have been all those winters ago, when the stove was on the fritz and Steve was down with pneumonia for the second time that season, and Bucky had spent  days  in a panic, trying to fix the thing without making anything worse. 

But at least he has it now, and he might be able to be of some use to Sam and his sister. He copies a few of the links into a text to Sam and sends them along, three in a row, with a note.


 This might not be too hard, between the two of us.  


Sam's reply is quick, and Bucky can almost see the surprise on his face. 


 Really?? 



 Yeah, I mean, I'm no Stark, but I think we could figure it out, if you wanted to try. 



 You might be earning that friendship card after all, Barnes. 


*

Things get a little hectic after Sam's trip to New York. He lets Bucky know he's headed to Sweden to track down a lead on some cult operation Torres has been watching from afar, and it's three weeks of radio silence after that. 

Bucky hates to admit it, but he'd kind of gotten used to regular texts from Sam, and his phone feels heavy and silent without them. 

After the first week, he'd texted Raynor, outlining his plight. 

 


 I haven't heard from Sam in a while. 



 Oh? I was under the impression you were still tacitly ignoring him.  



 Sometimes. We have an understanding now.  



 That sounds promising.  



 Maybe. Anyway, he's in Sweden now, so.  



 So you're texting me instead of him.  



 ...I guess I am.  



 You know, if you send them, he'll get the messages eventually, James. Not that I don't enjoy hearing from you.  



 Do you, though? 



 Text Sam.  


 


 * 



 Raynor says I should text you even if you don't have your personal phone. Feels kinda pointless, but here I am. Hope you and Torres are good.  



 I found a new article that might help with the boat.  



 Who is feeding Squirtle and Dave while you're away? 



 [IMG.341] 



 I found your ice cream man again today. Hope you're good.  



 I officially feel like an ass for ignoring you all that time. Lmk when you're back.  


 


 * 



 Did James Bucky Barnes MISS ME while I was gone? Lord, I must have missed hell freezing over.  



 I didn't say that. 



 It was implied in the five whole texts you sent me, Buck. That's the equivalent of a Dear John letter coming from you.  



 I take it all back.  



 You can't and you wouldn't anyway. My neighbor fed the fish while I was gone btw. It's nice you worried about us.  



 It was a question, not a worry.  



 It's okay to worry about your friends, you know. And I'm home, since you asked me to let you know.  



 So, this means we're friends? 



 Missed you too, Buck.   



 * 


It's early summer now, and Bucky's hot. He's hot and he's bored, and he isn't sure what to do with himself when he feels this kind of listlessness. He remembers when he and Steve would lay on the floor in weather like this, in boxers and little else, and take turns reading from one of their books to distract themselves. Bucky was rarely distracted even then, but still, it had been nice.
At least back then he hadn't been alone. Then again, at least now he has air conditioning. The problem is that his arm and his body feel like two different temperatures sometimes, like he's always a few degrees behind the cool metal of the arm, and sweating trying to regulate it. 

Thinking of Steve and trying to distract himself from the heat is how Bucky ends up in the used bookstore he passes sometimes. He's been in a few times, makes small talk with the guy behind the counter, and lets himself wander through the stacks of well-loved books, browsing. How many books had been published from the time he enlisted to now? He can't wrap his brain around that kind of number. 

Bucky picks up The Fellowship of the Ring, because he recognizes the author, and it's one of those things most people have read. Kings, rings, friendship... it sounds like his kind of book, anyway. He's making his way out of the store after a five minute conversation with the cashier about the series, promising he'd be back for the next two once he finishes, when his phone vibrates in his pocket. 


 Hey, Buck. You feel like letting me sleep on your couch? 



 Sure. When? 



 Tonight? 



 That's short notice, Samuel. Lucky for you I'm a good friend with no social life. You need the address? 



 I got it. 



 Do I want to ask how that is? 



 Probably not. See you in a few hours. 



 * 


"No way," Sam says, as soon as he sets foot in Bucky's apartment. His eyes skim from the hardwood of the floors to the small table by the wall, then land on Bucky. 

"What? You have a better option?" Bucky asks, indignant.

"I asked to sleep on your couch," Sam says slowly. "You didn't wanna mention you don't even own a couch?!"

Bucky exhales. "Well, I sometimes sleep on the floor, I figured you could take the bed."

"The floor? Every  night?  Listen, I know how hard it is to adjust, but man, you need some  furniture ."

"Well, I guess you can find a hotel if you want..." Bucky says awkwardly. He honestly hadn't thought about it much more than offering Sam the bed, but then he thinks of Sam's apartment, all his little touches of home, carefully arranged and probably collected over time, and realizes that of course Sam would be stunned by his mostly empty apartment. Interior design is hardly his strong suit, though. 

"Pfft," Sam shakes his head. "We're going to IKEA." 

"No," Bucky says immediately. 

"Have you ever even been to IKEA before?" Sam asks, raising an eyebrow. 

"No, but I know what it is," Bucky says. It's four o'clock; they should be thinking about dinner and what they were going to do tonight. Bucky would rather listen to Sam give him shit about his empty apartment than trail around IKEA trying to fill it. It feels too pathetic, somehow. 

"Come on, let's go. It'll be fun. You know, that word you learned recently," Sam smiles, and there's something in that smile that makes Bucky swallow any argument he might have had before it leaves his lips. 

"Fine," he sighs. 

An hour later, Bucky's following Sam through miniature apartments, all decorated like you could move right in if you wanted. It did make his apartment look pretty bleak in comparison, even he could admit that much. Sam, though, was filling an oversized shopping cart with things Bucky could not imagine any actual use for. 

"Is that a fake plant?" He asks. 

"Yeah," Sam says, "you're not ready for the real deal yet."

"I don't need plants," Bucky argues.

"No one  needs  plants, Buck. They're nice. They brighten up a room. Let that smile of yours out to play more often and that might do it too," he teases. "But in the meantime. Try it out. You don't only have to own things you  need . Some things are just nice."


 Some things are just nice. 


Bucky can hardly argue with that kind of logic. He isn't used to having things just because. Growing up, everything belonged to his parents, and then once he was older, he and Steve were living together and trying to make ends meet. It was a nice life, but there wasn't a whole lot of room for extras. Then the war, then the Winter Soldier, then Wakanda, and now...

Now he's here with Sam, buying a plant because it's nice. 

By the time they leave, Bucky has not only the plant, but throw blankets, a couple of pillows, a couch, and a coffee table, both of which would need to be put together. 

"It's a good start," Sam says as they leave. 

And while it is a good start, what Bucky didn't consider is that Sam would suggest putting everything together as soon as they get back. 

"You don't have to build my furniture," Bucky argues. "I promise I'll put it together, you can trust me," he adds.

Sam laughs, dropping onto the floor and pulling out a keychain pocket knife to start opening boxes. "Trust  me , you're gonna want the help." 

Bucky decides not to argue and slips down beside Sam on the floor, pulling the instructions in front of him, flipping them over from front to back. "These are impossible to read," he says, horrified.

"Like I was saying," Sam smirks. "You'll be glad I'm here." 

Bucky nods again. He's already glad Sam's here, but he doesn't say so out loud, just follows Sam's lead and starts organizing pieces by size, and pulling out packet after packet of screws. 

They organize themselves quickly, getting into a rhythm. After a half an hour, they have a framework that Bucky can almost imagine turning into a couch if he squints really hard. 

"This reminds me..." Sam says, trailing off with a small, almost bittersweet smile on his face. Bucky looks up from his screwdriver, meeting Sam's eyes until he continues. "When our first tour ended, Riley got this rinky dink apartment, filled it with furniture mostly secondhand, but he bought this table that was new, sure it was gonna show up all assembled. I wanted to know why the hell he thought it would arrive  put together ." Sam laughs, and the sound echoes right through Bucky, making him smile in return. 

"Anyway, we spent hours arguing over that table," Sam continues. "Eventually it got put together, but not without a lot of fighting, and at least three beers each. And pizza," he says. 

"I can buy us pizza," Bucky says. "If you promise you won't yell at me." 

Sam snorts. "No one can make that promise when they put together furniture."

Bucky's quiet for a minute. "You miss him," he says. It's not a question because it would be a stupid question. It's clear every time Sam talks about Riley just how much he misses him. It's clear in the way his face softens in a combination of fondness and grief that's almost palpable. 

"Yeah," Sam says. "He was  that  friend. It was just easy, you know?  No bullshit, not ever. Just a good guy. Probably knew me better than I knew myself, which I loved and hated, depending on the day. I thought I was the same way with him. But the one time we were out of sync... " Sam trails off again, remembering. 

Two things strike Bucky at once. First, he knows how this story ends, because it's how all of these kinds of stories end, and he wishes he could offer something of substance, but he can't. 

Second, and more startlingly, Bucky realizes that he knows  exactly  the kind of friend Sam means, because that's the way Bucky himself feels when they're together. He knows he'll never replace Riley, never even come close, but he still hopes he can be a kind of comfort to Sam, too.

Unsure what to say, he reaches over and lays a hand on Sam's shoulder. "He sounds great," Bucky says honestly. 

"You would've liked him. He had the whole quiet, serious thing going on, too." 

Bucky gives him a small smile then. "I'm sure I would've," he says.

It's late by the time they have everything put together and cleaned up, and Bucky looks around the room, surprised by what a difference they'd made. There had been a  few  minor arguments as they worked, mostly stemming from Sam's belief that Bucky was hiding pieces to mess with him. (Which, he had, but only  once  . The other time Sam really had been sitting on a screw.) The couch and the table are put together, and the pillows Sam insisted on actually  do  bring it together nicely. The fake plant sits on the coffee table now, and while Bucky still thinks it's kind of pointless, he can admit it looks kind of nice. 

"See?" Sam says, flopping himself down onto the couch with a contented sigh. "Looks like someone actually lives here now."

"It's not so bad," Bucky agrees. 

"You ended up with a perfectly adequate collection of furniture. You've officially got yourself a bachelor pad."

" Perfectly adequate?"  Bucky huffs 

Sam grins at the distress that must be clear on Bucky's face, and he claps him on the back. "It's nice, Buck, I mean it. And hey, you won't be sleeping on the floor, for one thing, so your spine will be thanking me even if you don't."

"Why wouldn't I--"

"Well, you can sleep on the couch when things get bad, see if that's any better than the floor. Happy medium between your marshmallow bed. Y'know, when I'm not here, that is," Sam clarifies.

Bucky considers this. Even if he doesn't sleep on the couch, it is nice to have this place feel a little more like  his. A little more like a home. "Thank you." he says, honestly. "I... This isn't something I would've done on my own. You're a good friend, Sam."

"Oh no, is this the moment I have to admit we're really friends?" Sam teases, but he's smiling at Bucky fondly now, and Bucky can't look away. He isn't sure why, but he feels a little lightheaded, too. 

"We're friends," Bucky says firmly, ignoring the alarm bells ringing in his head, building into a cacophony of sound. Bucky would have to ask Dr. Raynor if all friendships in the twenty-first century were supposed to feel like this. 

*

Hardly any time passes at all until Bucky sees Sam next, and for that, he's thankful. He's not sure what to make of the confusing feelings he's starting to have about Sam, and decides that maybe seeing him again will bring him some clarity. 

Bucky's mulling over a text, something that sounds casual enough to send so soon, and then remembers that this  is  normal. Friends text each other all the time. Before he can though, his phone lights up in his hand, and Sam's name appears on his screen. 


 Can I take you up on that offer to fix the boat? 


The alarm bells in Bucky's head start to pick up tempo, but he doesn't hesitate before replying. 


 Just tell me when and where and I'll be there. 


Sam shares a location, and they discuss the details: flights, times, places to stay, and Bucky laughs when Sam warns him about his sister ( tough exterior, will do anything for anyone  ) and his nephews (  amazing, smart, too hyper for their own good ), and Bucky can't help but laugh thinking of Sam amid the pleasant chaos of family after chasing down bad guys and bank loans all this time. 

He doesn't add that he thinks Sarah sounds a lot like Sam, and that this particular batch of apples probably didn't fall far from the tree, but he doesn't go there. Instead, Bucky tells Sam to brush up on his reading, review all the how-tos Bucky's sent over the last few weeks, and tries not to think about the way his face flushes, warm and pink, when Sam replies that he'll figure it out, he's good with his hands. 

When Bucky gets to Sam's house a few days later, he finds the whole family outside, out on the dock, already crowding around the boat. There are two young boys running around playing catch, who he assumes are Sam's nephews, and he finds Sam frowning at a woman who looks to be at least a few years younger than Sam, but the resemblance is definitely there. Her smile is just as wide and welcoming as Sam's.

"You came!" Sam says when he spots him, standing just a ways away from the family, unsure how to make his presence known just yet. Bucky's glad to be there, happy to be able to help Sam, but it's overwhelming, too. 

"Of course," Bucky says, frowning. "You thought I wouldn't?" 

"I don't know, man, you're..." 

His frown deepens. "What!" Bucky demands, indignant now. Had he really proven so untrustworthy over these last few months?

"Flighty," Sam decides. He throws an arm around Bucky's shoulder, though, pulling him into a strong half-hug, and any argument fades from Bucky's lips. Sam's warm from the sun and his hold on him is strong enough to be grounding but not overwhelming, and Bucky's distracted for a minute, leaning into that warmth, and it takes him a minute to realize Sam is talking about him. 

"...The spaceman here is Bucky, a friend of mine," Sam's saying. "He offered to help fix the boat and I took him up on it." 

"Nice to meet you, Bucky," Sarah says, smiling and extending a hand. "Sarah."

"Likewise," Bucky says, flashing her a smile.

"And the two ragamuffins you see running around are AJ and Cass. They'll get tired eventually and come say hi," Sam explains. He's watching with such fondness in his eyes that Bucky has to look away, like he's seeing something he shouldn't. 

"Anyway," Sam says, turning back to Bucky, "a lot of people helped us out with this, bringing over parts, and gas, and a lending hand. There's just a few things left," he gestures to the boat. 

"Sure, yeah," Bucky nods, following Sam onto the dock and hopping onto the boat with him. It's nice, if worn with time and sun and love, and definitely worth saving. He listens to Sam's instructions, following him around, lending a hand more often than not when something was screwed on too tightly, or too heavy for any normal person to be able to lift. 

He tries hard not to let his eyes keep flitting over to where Sam was working on the other side of the boat, and certainly not thinking about how good his arms looked, or the way the shorts he had on made his ass look--

"You gonna just stand there or you gonna actually help me?" Sam calls, grinning at him like he could read every thought crashing through Bucky's mind, and he pulls himself together quickly. 

"I'm helping, I'm helping!" Bucky yells back, but he can feel Sam's eyes on him from across the boat, just a little too long, and it's everything he can do not to turn back around and meet his gaze. 


 How had he ended up here? 


*

Dinner is a raucous affair. The kitchen is decently big, but with Sarah and Sam and the boys, plus Bucky, all moving in and out of it, carrying bowls and plates and a pitcher of iced tea to the table, it feels smaller than it is. More than once, Sam puts a hand on Bucky's hip, moving him out of the way, jostling him so he can get into a drawer or a cabinet, and every time, Bucky jumps like he's been scalded. 

"Relax, would you?" Sam says, shooting him a confused look. "It's just me!" 

 It's just me.  Bucky rolls his eyes, because that's it, isn't it? Sam has never been  just  anything, not for a while now, and he can't  un-know  that fact. 

After the day out in the sun, a long, cool shower was everything Bucky had needed, and now, refreshed, warm, and surrounded by Sam's family, he feels more relaxed, more  himself  than he has in a long, long time. 

So, yeah, he's a little on edge at the idea of fitting in so well here, with Sam and the people he loves so much. Bucky hasn't had this kind of easy camaraderie in over seventy years, and it makes something in his chest feel like it's about to give way and snap. 

They take their places around the table while AJ and Cass talk excitedly about the progress on the boat, the possibility of taking it out fishing, and Sarah and Sam serve while Bucky pours everyone a glass of iced tea. He catches Sam's eye at one point and almost overfills his own glass, but Sam catches him at the last minute, shooting him a warning look. 

"Sorry," Bucky murmurs, setting the pitcher down and taking a seat. 

"You're all nerves today, man, you gotta calm down," Sam teases. 

"Who wouldn't be on edge, taking orders from you all day?" Bucky replies, smiling. 

Sarah looks between them and shakes her head. "Boys never really grow up do they?" 

"No this one," Sam says, pointing a thumb in Bucky's direction before taking a bite of his salmon. "Then again, man's a hundred and six and doesn't look a day over thirty." 

Bucky rolls his eyes. "I'm young for my age, what can I say." 

Sam snorts, and the rest of the meal continues on with ease. The food is delicious -- there's no doubt that Sam and Sarah had inherited their parents' cooking skills -- the conversation flows easily, and by the end of it, Bucky's full to bursting, overwhelmed with gratitude.

"We'll do the dishes," he offers when everyone's plates are empty and a comfortable quiet has fallen over the table. The boys are out back now, their voice carrying faintly through the windows and into the house.

"Oh, he's volunteering me for things now," Sam says, mock outraged, but standing up nonetheless to help Bucky start to clear the plates. 

"I take it back," Sarah says, standing up. "You should bring friends over more often if you're going to be such a gentleman." 

"I'm  always  a gentleman," Sam argues.

"Let's go Samuel," Bucky says, guiding him to the kitchen, stacks of plates in his metal hand. 

From the living room, he hears Sarah cackling at the use of her brother's full name, and Bucky beams. 

Cleaning up is quick work when you can carry as much as Bucky can in so few trips, and soon he's washing dishes and passing them over to his right for Sam to dry. They're quiet while they work, and Bucky's struck once again by how easy it all feels, being here with Sam. 

 Is this what friends are like?  

He's forced to ask himself the same question again and again, because how he feels for Sam is starting to feel increasingly less like friendship and more like-- 

"I think my sister wants to keep you around," Sam says, cutting into Bucky's thoughts. He's smiling in that way he has, like you're the only thing on his mind, and Bucky blinks a few times before he answers. 

Definitely not friendship, he realizes with a flip of his stomach. Far from it, in fact. 

"That's... nice," Bucky says lamely. He can't put it into words, how it feels to have Sam stand in front of him and tell him his family wants him to stay. This is what he's wanted all along, right? People he can trust, and count on, and, hopefully, who could count on him, too. 

That's what Raynor had meant when she'd told him to cultivate friendships, after all. And now here he is, he's done that, and maybe he's even gotten Sam to see him as a friend, too, and he's definitely going to ruin it, standing here in the Wilson's kitchen, overthinking himself into a stroke. 

"Uh, I thought so..." Sam says, looking at Bucky, a confused expression on his face. "You look like you just ate a sour grape though, so..."

"No sour grapes," Bucky says, forcing a smile onto his face. "Dinner was great. I'm glad the boat's in good shape, too." 

"Me too," Sam says, narrowing his eyes like he knows what's about to come next. 

"And Sarah's wonderful, really. But--"

"Oh here we go," Sam says, rolling his eyes.

"I should go," Bucky continues. "I got a hotel room, so..."

Sam glowers at him. "I  told  you you could stay here."

"I appreciate that," Bucky nods. "But I really think I should go. It's for the best."

"The best for who, man? Not you. You're happier than I've seen you maybe ever. At no point today did I see you staring off into the middle distance like you might just vanish into it." 

Does he do that? Bucky has to assume it's true. Sam can read him like a book, it's one of his many talents, and Bucky tries to push the thought away. 

"The best for everyone," Bucky says. He tries to side step Sam, but he moves at just the right time, blocking Bucky's path with his body, wide chest and shoulders radiating that same warmth as before, and as much as Bucky wants to sink into that warmth, he knows, deep down, leaving is for the best. 

"It's like that, huh?" Sam asks, still not moving from Bucky's path. 

"Like what?" 

" Better for everyone, like you suddenly know what's best for me? Did you even ask? I told you Sarah wanted you to stay, and your response to that is saying that you should go. Help me make sense of that," Sam dares him. 

Bucky's being a coward, and he knows that. Sam deserves better. Deserves an explanation at the very least, but Bucky isn't sure how to separate that from everything else going on in his head, screaming that he's going to ruin everything.

"I need some air," he says. 

Bucky hears Sam heave a sigh as he sidesteps him, walking through the living room and out the front door to the porch. 

Of course he doesn't  actually  want to leave. He drops into one of the white wooden rocking chairs on the porch and lets himself sit in the quiet. Bucky thinks of his apartment, newly full of furniture and yet no less empty, still lacking the kind of warmth he can find just inside. The thought of going back to it makes him miss Sam with a fierceness he didn't think himself capable of, not after Steve.

Sam had said it earlier, hadn't he? Bucky's flighty. And maybe that's because of everything he's been through, or something that came with Steve leaving, or 70 years without any real, meaningful relationships, but he wants to change that. He'd come all this way, and Sam had looked at him like he couldn't believe that after all this, Bucky would really shut him out. 

Again. 

Bucky's standing up, turning toward the house when the door opens, and there's Sam. 

"Figured you weren't getting too far without that backpack of yours," Sam says quietly. 

Bucky nods, looking at him. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said all that stuff about leaving. I don't know what's best for you and your family. Obviously, I barely know what's best for me at this point." 

"I know," Sam says. "But thanks." He gestures to the chair Bucky had just vacated, and sinks into the one right beside it, their knees touching when Bucky sits back down. 

The light from the porch is dim, illuminating the soft planes of Sam's face. There's crickets out there, too, and they really aren't in the city anymore, out here in the quiet, just off the water, in the thick of the Louisiana summer. When Bucky turns, Sam's studying him, the moonlight glinting in his brown eyes in a way that makes Bucky want to drown in them. 

"So," Sam says. 

"So," Bucky repeats. He isn't sure what to say now. It's not like he could confess all of his confusion to Sam just like that. 

"You want to share with the class, or are you gonna make me guess," Sam asks. 

Bucky wants to say that there's nothing  to  share, but he doesn't want to lie any more than he wants to leave, and god, relationships are hard. Because that's what this is, for better or worse, friendship or... more than that, someday, maybe. His relationship with Sam is one of the best and most stable in his life right now, and he isn't going to throw that away. 

"I get overwhelmed, sometimes," Bucky says instead. 

"Tell me about it," Sam says, smiling faintly, and Bucky laughs a little, because of course, Sam gets it. Maybe not all of it, but enough, more than anyone else. Maybe that's what Raynor saw from day one. Bucky always was a little slow on the uptake. 

"I'm not good at this, and I really... I don't want to make this weird for you or your family."

"Man, I've got a hundred and six year-old dude with a metal arm on my front porch, half the population vanished for five years, and the majority of our friends are nowhere to be seen or heard from again. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say it'll always be a little weird."

He had a point. 

"Okay," Bucky says, taking a deep breath. "You're right, it's a little weird, a lot of the time." 

"Exactly," Sam says, meeting Bucky's eye for a long moment. "So, no need to run out on your good friend Sam." 

He says it like a challenge, that word,  friend . It's what brought Bucky here, it's what started them down this path all those months ago, and now, Sam's looking at him just like he did that day in D.C. 

 Come on, be my friend, Buck, I dare you. I double dare you. Bucky can still hear the words in the back of his mind, and unless he's reading things entirely wrong, then... 

"You know," Bucky says, eyes growing wide.

"What do I know?" Sam asks innocently. 

Bucky fixes him with his best  I was the Winter Soldier  stare, which just makes Sam laugh. It should be infuriating and maybe it would be if Bucky wasn't so--

"I hate you," Bucky mutters, even as he's unable to keep the smile from his face. 

"Oh, I think you have the opposite problem, Buck," Sam says, grinning. 

"You're gonna make me say it," Bucky says. 

"Damn right."

"I don't think I want to be friends," Bucky says. 

Sam's smile widens, but he stays quiet. 

"At least, not just friends," Bucky finishes. "I wanted to... I don't know, deserve your friendship, because you're like, absurdly perfect, when you're not being the worst, and then along the way--" Bucky trails off, getting to his feet and looking at Sam, determined, for once, to say everything he needs to say. "You make me crazy in a good way." 

In front of him, Sam's still smiling, and getting to his feet, too, his gaze never leaving Bucky's. It's wonderful and too much and not enough at the same time. 

"Crazy in a good way," Sam repeats. "That's one way of putting it." He lets his hand come to rest on Bucky's jaw, his hands smooth and surprisingly soft and Bucky feels his breath catch. "The question is," Sam continues, drawing Bucky in so close his heart was probably at risk of giving out, "what are you going to do about it?"

Bucky swallows, takes a sharp, shallow breath, and closes the last remaining space between them, bringing their lips together slowly, a quick press of lips testing the waters. He wants to be sure, once and for all, that Sam wants this too. He wants to give him the chance to pull back, but instead, Bucky feels Sam's hands venture down from his face to his hip as he deepens the kiss like it's the most natural thing in the world. 

Maybe it is; maybe everything they've been doing up to now, every conversation, every admission and small moment of give and take had been building to this: Sam's lips, warm and wet and perfect on his, both of them drenched in moonlight and the distant sounds of crickets and waves lapping at the shore while Sam's hands held them firmly in place. 

Sam tilts Bucky's chin up expertly, kisses him slowly and deeply enough that Bucky's mind is entirely blank, empty aside from the chorus of  yes, more, this.  

When they finally break apart, they stand there, neither moving an inch, breathing together in the dark. 

"I'm glad I stayed," Bucky says eventually. He's never been more glad about anything maybe ever. 

"Me too," Sam tells him with a smile. "Knew you wouldn't get far." 

"Yeah, yeah," Bucky says with a roll of his eyes. "I get it, you're a lot faster on the uptake," he adds. "Seriously, when did you figure it out?"

"When I was in Sweden and came back to find Mr. Snow Miser had been pining for me," Sam explains, grinning at him once again. 

Bucky gapes at him. "I didn't even know it then!" 

This earns him a laugh. "I know," Sam says. "But I knew you'd catch up eventually." 

"Well," Bucky says thoughtfully, "I have a lot of time to make up for, making you wait like that." He lets his gaze fall to Sam's lips before looking back up. A part of him can't believe it had taken him this long to open his eyes, but then again. The journey had been more than worth it. 

"I've got time," Sam says, "and I'm not going anywhere." 

Bucky didn't know he needed to hear those words until they left Sam's mouth, but they make him feel lighter, somehow. He nods, a quiet agreement, and when he leans in and kisses him again, it feels something like a promise. 

 I'm not going anywhere . 