Sam circled the scene. Only one bad guy left, and he was currently engaged with Barnes on a rooftop. Sam did another round, looking for an opportunity to assist. It wasn't needed. Barnes was, for all his faults, one hell of a fighter--fists flying one after the other, metal arm angling toward all the baddie's most vulnerable parts. There was a rhythm to it--punch, block, punch, block. And then the bad guy grabbed at Barnes's jacket with clawed gloves, ripping through the leather and leaving a bloody gash between his shoulder blades. That was when Sam dove, getting there just in time to watch Barnes straight toss the guy over the edge, already reaching around to feel for the mangled leather.

"This was my favorite fucking jacket."

"Yeah, well we'll call a tailor later. The rest of them are headed for some kind of compound about twenty miles from here."

"GodDAMMIT."

 

 

Their ride was a "borrowed" Mazda MX-5 that Bucky smashed into and hot-wired before Sam could slide across the hood and get a seatbelt on.

"Watch your side of the road," Bucky said, already whipping the car away from the hot mess of a scene behind them. For a while, everything was the roar of the engine and Sam screaming at him because "There's a truck over here. There's a truck! You can't fit this car into that gap, oh FUUUck!"

"Calm down. If I kill us, you can be pissed at me in hell."

"Oh, I will not be there with you in hell. You're on your fucking own."

"Oh pal, but what kind of hell would it be without you?"

"Get fu--"

Bucky laid on the car horn, the sound blaring through the cabin while a red minivan puttered down the passing lane at 50 miles-per-hour.

Next to him, Sam watched Bucky's gaze shoot around the highway. He did not like that look in Bucky's eyes. He did not like it at all.

"Hang on!"

"No! No, do not do what--SHIT, SHIT."

Bucky swung around the minivan into oncoming traffic, a diesel flying at them and laying on its own horn.

"Barnes. BARNES!"

The Mazda engine purred like a mutant tiger, Barnes's ass coming up off the seat while he laid his full weight on the gas.

In that moment, Sam did what any normal superhero would do. He shut his eyes tight and gripped the ever-living hell out of Bucky's well-toned thigh until he felt the Mazda careen back onto the right side of the goddamned road.

"You are. A fucking madman."

"Ha! And you're not?!" Bucky swerved again. "'What's the plan?' I asked. 'Buck, I have a plan,' he said. Fuck."

"That was six months ago!"

"And it's STILL BULLSHIT."

"Oh my GOD."

"Yeah, well..."

"No. Oh my God!" Sam pointed at an 18-wheeler up ahead, one of the bad guys they were chasing standing on top with what very much appeared to be a rocket launcher.

"Take the wheel."

"Are you fucking--?" But Bucky had already turned on intelligent cruise control and climbed halfway out of the window, and the Mazda was swerving dangerously toward a yellow SUV. Sam's hand shot for the steering wheel.

"Just keep it steady."

Several cars honked around them. Sam glanced at the yellow SUV again and found the driver holding on at 10 and 2 with both hands, his shoulders up to his ears. He also found Bucky's reflection in the passenger side window of said SUV, Bucky leaned out with a pistol in his hand.

"Take the shot," Sam hissed, eyes on the masked baddie atop the big truck. "Take the shot, take the shot, take the shot."

Gunfire cracked, and the baddie fell down holding their knee cap, the RPG falling off the truck and onto the shoulder of the highway, where it then rolled into a ditch. Mile marker 73. Sam brought his hand to his mouth.

"This is Sam Wilson to HQ. State highway 57. Mile 73. There's a rocket launcher in the ditch now. Probably most definitely loaded."

Sharon's voice met his ears. "Been trying to catch up with you, Cap. I'm 10 miles back. I've got it."

Bucky crawled back into the car, meeting Sam's eyes.

"Nice shot."

"Thanks," Bucky said, and then he disabled cruise control and shot in front of the yellow SUV before speeding off.

It was quick when they finally got to the compound. There were reinforcements from the agency-formerly-known-as-SHIELD. Sharon showed up with the rocket launcher. For Bucky, that was like handing a stick of dynamite to someone trying to open a locked door. Overkill, but it got the job well done if you didn't much care about making a mess.

In the end, they stumbled back to the Mazda that now had a giant Sam-sized dent in the side from where some asshole threw him into the door. Sam grabbed the shield--embedded in the back windshield--and slid into the passenger seat. Seeing as there were already people tracking down the owner to let them know they were about to receive a shiny new Whatever the Fuck They Wanted courtesy of the government, he and Barnes figured they might as well drive it home.

Only Barnes didn't drive it home. Barnes drove it off the first exit on their way toward home, pulling onto a parking space outside of a Target.

"Bucky, please tell me why I'm not halfway to a hot bath right now."

"We're over two hundred miles from home. I need a shirt."

Sam was going to murder him. Sam was going to murder him and leave his body in a functional-yet-stylish storage cube somewhere inside the store.

"You need a shirt."

"You can wait in the car."

"And miss out on seeing what's in the $1-3 bins? I don't fucking think so."

Bucky threw up his hands and skulked toward the door, Sam carrying the shield and his wings and throwing them into the baby seat of the first shopping cart he saw. He found Bucky staring at the in-store Starbucks.

"There are like fifteen people in that line. We're-- Aaand he's gone." Sam gripped the handle of the shopping cart and took a deep breath, clenching his jaw before inspiration struck. A slow grin spread across his face, and he cupped his hands around his mouth to yell clear across the store. "I WANT A CARAMEL FRAP, SUNSHINE. LOVE YOU, MY LITTLE WINTER SNOWBALL. I'LL BE IN HOMEGOODS."

He turned on his heel and took two steps before Bucky's voice caught him like a bear trap.

"SURE THING, POOKIE BEAR. SMOOCHES. MUAHMUAHMUAH."

Sam scrubbed a hand down his face and wondered what kind of lawyer he could afford these days. Probably not one good enough to explain the meticulous dismemberment.

 

 

Barnes caught up to him in health and beauty where Sam had been contemplating several containers of Epsom salts. One was lavender. It sounded very nice. Honestly, Sam liked being Captain America now that he'd gotten over the weirdness of it all, but he did have a bit of a problem with how often people just threw him at things. He needed to start keeping Aleve in his tac belt. He could pop one en route to a fight.

To Barnes's credit, he did push a caramel frap into Sam's hand, though he did it like he wasn't happy about it.

"Get the eucalyptus mint," Barnes said around his straw. He patted his left shoulder. "Trust me."

Begrudgingly, Sam put it in the cart and followed Bucky back to the clothing section where he held up two plaid button-ups in different sizes.

"Maybe I should try them on." Bucky tilted his head.

"If you make me stay in this store long enough for you to try on shirts, I'm gonna shove a Starbucks straw up your--"

"Fine."

They went through self-checkout. The cashier overseeing the area kept looking at the shield and then at Sam and then at the wings and at Sam. His eyes subtly moved to Bucky's left hand and went wide.

"Hey man, how're you doing?" Sam waved at him, and his eyes got even bigger, Adam's apple bobbing in his throat.

Out in the parking lot, Bucky stripped out of his jacket and compression tee, attempting to pull the plaid on. It didn't fit. But a couple of people a few cars away were getting a good show. Sam looked at Bucky's chest and stomach. Aside from a little blood and dust, well... If he'd met Bucky at a bar and didn't have time to get to know his personality, he'd probably take him home.

Maybe.

"See, this is why I wanted to try them on."

Bucky sighed and looked at his metal arm and then the shirt. With a loud rip, he separated the left arm from the rest and slid it on, deftly doing up the buttons. He slid back into the driver's seat with an exhausted sigh.

"Let's go home."

"Thank fuck for that."

 

 

Sam stood in the middle of their local Target with a throw pillow in each hand. The one in his left hand was butter-soft and matched the drapes in the living room, but Bucky had walked by five seconds ago and declared the one on the right "absolutely fucking hideous," and so now Sam kind of wanted it more than he had ever wanted anything.

Barnes was right though. It was pretty terrible. It kind of looked like something that might happen if a Penske truck slammed into an industrial embroidery machine. But...

Sam stared at both pillows a little longer, then grabbed another of the nice ones, tossing it and the other two pillows, good and hideous alike, into the cart.

Hey, accent pillows were good. They added a pop.

He found Bucky a few aisles away, feeling up the bedsheets.

"Seriously?" Bucky eyed the cart.

"What? I think it's nice." Sam picked up the ugly pillow and turned it over in his hands while Barnes squinted at him.

Sam had an okay poker face against the average person, but Barnes wasn't the average person, and Sam could tell the moment that Bucky knew he was lying. Bucky wouldn't call him on it though. Instead, he'd hold onto it for later, like that person who hoarded all their Uno reverse and draw cards until the most devastating possible moment.

"You gonna take those sheets to dinner first?" Sam asked, watching Bucky absently touch at a set decorated with sharks.

"The ones the agency picked feel like if cardboard and steel wool had some kind of bastard child. I deserve to crawl into a nice bed, maybe bring somebody into that nice bed someday."

"In that case, you should definitely go with the sharks. Maybe the unicorns."

"What?" Bucky turned his head. "You wouldn't fuck a guy on the softest rainbow unicorn bedsheets?"

Sam raised an eyebrow. Sometimes he forgot that Barnes had fully run out of fucks to give several years ago and would just say things like that. Aloud. In the sacred aisles of a Target.

Sam scrubbed a hand over his face, hating the fact that his brain immediately supplied him with an image of Bucky laid out on said unicorn sheets, legs spread, fingers deep in--

Sam cleared his throat. "Hey, you know as well as I do if a guy gets as far as your bed, he's not turning around because of your sheets. But unicorns are pretty damn cool."

Bucky clapped Sam on the shoulder. "I'm not getting the unicorn sheets." And then, with the most shit-eating grin imaginable, Bucky reached for a set of sheets in heather gray, covered in cartoon images of Sam soaring through the air in his old Falcon getup. Still smiling and without breaking eye contact, he dropped them on top of the world's ugliest throw pillow where they bounced once and fell onto a magnetic shopping list they'd picked up in the bargain bins. Reverse-skip-draw 4.

"You fuck anybody but me on top of cartoon Sam, Barnes, I better not have to know about it."

The words came out before Sam really thought them through. With mounting horror, he realized what he was saying as he said it, but he couldn't stop until he'd reached the very end, his lips continuing to move as though he'd somehow make up for the first half of the sentence with a golden fourth-quarter performance.

He did not.

And there in the bedding aisle of a Target, Bucky Barnes looked Sam up and down with a quick flick of his gray-blue eyes, then gave him the kind of crooked grin that had probably broken hearts in dance halls all over Brooklyn back in the day. He brought his right hand up in a lazy salute. "You got it, Cap."

Sam did not look at Bucky's ass when he turned around and started pulling the cart behind him.

If he had looked though, well, he would have had to admit that it was a pretty good ass.

Good thing he hadn't.

 

 

Sometimes, it was like he and Bucky took turns having bad nights. There were long periods of time where they'd both sleep through the night. And then, the worst nights--when it was like something in the air had climbed inside their brains to fuck with both of them.

Sam woke up first, sweating and shaking. He could still see Riley in his head, not plummeting to his death as he had in real life, but dissolving into a whirlwind of black ash that formed a dark cloud overhead, blotting out the sun. Sam got up and padded to the bathroom, sticking his mouth under the tap to gulp mouthfuls of water, occasionally scooping some onto his face where it dripped from his chin and cheeks back into the basin.

He dried his face just in time to hear Bucky wake with a shout, his panting audible from down the hall. Bucky padded into the bathroom a few seconds later, hugging himself with one arm, the socket for his metal arm bare.

"You too, huh?" Bucky asked, his voice rasping out of his throat.

"Yeah." Sam nodded. "Me too."

"Shuri, she... I was him again and she..." Bucky shook his head and turned the shower on as hot as it would go before climbing under the spray in his pajama pants. "You?" he asked, water cascading over his trembling lips.

"Riley." Sam leaned against the bathroom counter, wringing the now-damp hand towel. "Courtesy of Thanos."

Bucky looked down at the tub and nodded several times. "Do you remember it?"

"The dream?"

"Being gone." Bucky hugged himself again, resting his back against the shower tiles. "Sometimes I think I remember you and..." His brows furrowed together. "I think we were friends."

Sam laughed. "Buck, we're friends now."

Bucky made brief eye contact with Sam and then looked away before reaching over to turn the water off. "You think you could..."

"Yeah." Sam handed him a clean towel. "I'll be around."

Sam left Bucky to strip and dry off. He made a pot of coffee because there was no way in hell he was going back to sleep. He was nursing a cup on the sofa when Bucky finally padded out of his bedroom in a pair of joggers and a soft tee, metal arm in place. He plopped down beside Sam on the couch and pulled the hideous throw pillow to his chest, hugging it tight.

"You ever feel like the nightmares will never stop?" Sam asked before taking a sip. "Like, I don't know... I guess I keep feeling like I should've stopped dreaming about Riley by now."

Bucky didn't answer for several seconds. Instead, he drew his feet up onto the couch, his knees pushing against the pillow. Sam turned his head to see if Bucky was even listening or if he'd checked out entirely.

"I still dream about Ma and Pa. My little sisters." Bucky toyed with a few tassels formed from mismatched embroidery thread. "For a while, I was glad to even have the nightmares because it took so long to remember their faces after..." Bucky met Sam's eyes. "I don't think you ever stop missing people, Sam. And would you even want to if you could?"

Sam looked down into his coffee and took another sip. "You're right, I wouldn't. Our brains could be a little nicer about it though."

"Yeah, well..." Bucky shrugged and put his feet down on the carpet. They sat like that for a while, occasionally speaking but mostly just enjoying the sound of the world slowly waking--the garbage trucks going by as the first dawn rays lightened the sky, the birds beginning to chirp and rustle, the neighbor's dog barking cheerfully when she let him outside.

At one point, Sam felt Bucky press against him and looked over to find that he'd dozed off and slumped into his shoulder, the hideous throw pillow still wrapped in his arms. Sam was debating shoving him off to get another cup of coffee when Bucky opened his eyes and sat back up.

"You wanna get out of here?" he asked, setting the pillow aside.

Sam looked into his empty coffee cup. "Yeah, sure, what'd you have in mind?"

And that's how they ended up at Target just past opening, the two of them quietly walking through every aisle of the store while sipping saccharine coffee from the in-store Starbucks. Somewhere in stationery, they decided to nix their training regimen for the day. In homegoods, Bucky grabbed a giant weighted throw, plush and soft and navy blue. It was the only thing they bought besides coffee.

Sam found Bucky buried under that throw in the early afternoon, head pillowed on the two nice throw pillows, the ugly one yet again clutched against his chest as he slept.

Sam couldn't help thinking that if they spooned, they'd both fit on the couch pretty easily.

 

 

Sometimes, the bad guys had an agenda. They wanted to take over the world or get revenge for that time Tony Stark farted in the elevator and made them throw up on their high school prom date.

Other times...

Sam tossed the shield to Bucky again, who used it to hammer a robot centaur through the neck. As far as Sam and Bucky could tell, the robots were programmed to attack anyone wearing the color blue, which boded really well for Bucky--in a dark electric blue tac jacket. And Sam--in one of his Cap uniforms that was dominantly navy.

"Sam!" The shield flew back at Sam, who caught it and twisted to toss it at a would-be assailant, severing wires and metal along the way. He needed to get airborne, but the wing pack he had with him was blue to match the suit and had been unceremoniously ripped from his back before Bucky could launch a metal fist through a metal face. So here he was, back-to-back with Barnes while the centaurs closed in.

"Fuck, I wish you could fly right now." Bucky drop-kicked another centaur, buying him just enough space to shoot off a bullet big enough to stop a rhino.

"Yeah, you and me both." Sam's arms were killing him, the repetitive motions of shooting and bashing and bashing and shooting starting to weigh on his muscles.

"Don't you have a spare?"

"In the damn truck."

He and Bucky both took out a centaur and whipped their heads. Sam estimated about fifty yards stood between them and the armored truck they'd arrived in. Fifty yards and a whole lot of metal horsedudes. This was not Sam's favorite day on the job.

Nearby, a woman in a blue scarf screamed when a centaur turned its sights on her.

"Lose your scarf!" Sam yelled as loud as he could.

"Your scarf! Take it off!"

She finally heard them, pulling the blue from her neck and running while the fabric trailed to the sidewalk, the centaur aggressively trampling it with its metal hooves.

"Buck, I've got a plan."

"Is this an actual plan? Or a jump out of a plane and see how it goes plan?"

"Barnes, this is not the time! And that was a YEAR ago."

"Yeah, well, some things just stick with you." Bucky grunted when his fist got stuck in the face of a robot, pulling and pulling until it finally tore free with a loud screeching of metal on metal. "Hit me. What's the plan?"

Sam grabbed for one of the infinite knives strapped to Bucky's belt and used it to cut off the panel that covered the zipper on his suit, exposing the reinforced mesh that covered his abdominals. "Can you get me on the back of one of these sons of bitches?"

Bucky looked at the fabric and at Sam's stomach, swallowing thickly before launching his fist right past Sam's face, close enough for Sam to feel the wind before he heard the impact. Bucky shook it free. "You've got to be kidding me."

"I think we both know I wish I was."

Bucky looked around at all the metal centaurs and seemed to lock on a target.

"Shield?" he asked, and Sam relinquished it. In front of him, Bucky took it and fell into a crouch, putting the shield over his shoulders like some kind of Winter Turtle. "Hop on, Wilson. One ticket to ride."

"Oh no, oh no no." But Sam looked around and, well, fuck. Cursing that one morning jog that led to this being his life, he took three quick steps and hopped onto the shield, Bucky pushing up on it with two hundred and some odd pounds of pure super soldier to send Sam airborne toward one of the centaurs. Sam yelled about eight different curses before wrapping hands around the centaur's neck and miraculously falling onto its back.

Oh, he was gonna have a sore ass for days after this. He was right where he needed to be though. He balled the blue fabric up and threw it at Bucky, the centaur following its arc.

"Arms!" Sam yelled, and Bucky nodded, tossing him the shield while he grabbed one of the centaur's arms and ripped it from its body in a trail of sparks. Sam bashed the shield through the other shoulder join, leaving the centaur incapable of grabbing at the fabric or Bucky or anything else.

"Hand!" Bucky reached up with the metal arm, and Sam clasped his hand, dragging him up onto the centaur behind him where he took the fabric panel back from Bucky and held it out in front of the centaur's face, using it as a lure to lead the thing right to the armored truck.

It was all downhill from there, Sam pulling on the wing pack and Bucky taking a sniper position on top of the truck's roof with all of the best guns they had at their disposal. Within the hour, it was done, Sam landing on top of the truck and collapsing in a heap next to Bucky.

"You ever think about changing careers?" Sam asked. "I bet accounting is nice. You do some math. You never have a robot punch you in the face on a Saturday afternoon."

Bucky hummed next to him. "I used to be an accountant. For Pa's business."

"Was it nice? I bet it was nice."

Bucky rolled his head to look at Sam, his eyes looking even bluer for the grime smudged on his face. Oil. The robots leaked a ton of oil depending on how they went down.

"Never know what you've got 'til it's gone and all that." Bucky sat up. "The people are better in this line of work."

"Wait. Was that a compliment?"

Bucky gave him a crooked smile that definitely did not make Sam's stomach flutter beneath the too-exposed panel of mesh. He reached over and patted Sam right on the tummy. "Buddy, who said I meant you?"

Sam grinned at him, shaking his head. "You do though. You mean me."

"Keep telling yourself that, pal." Bucky grunted and slipped off the back of the truck, hopping onto the cab and then down onto the hood. When his feet hit the ground, he looked up to make sure Sam didn't need a hand.

Sam drove home this time, taking a set of keys offered up by Cameron Klein and sliding into the driver's seat of an armored sedan.

When he saw the Target off the highway, it only seemed natural to pull in.

"Target, huh?" Bucky asked.

"We're over three hundred miles from home. Now I'm the one who needs a shirt." Sam looked down at his exposed belly and then at Bucky. "Buck, Bucky, my friend, my roommate, my partner."

Bucky laughed and shook his head, his eyes flicking down to Sam's belly, tongue darting across his lips. "You want me to go in, don't you?"

"I'll give you coffee money."

Bucky reached over and patted Sam's abs again and then slid out of the car. "Getting to pick the shirt is enough." He was gone before Sam could stop him.

All three hundred miles home, Sam wore a skin-tight blue shirt emblazoned with a sequined shield that changed from regular to stealth colors when you ran your hand across it. Bucky couldn't seem to resist. Every few minutes, his hand strayed to Sam's chest and rubbed across his pecs.

Sam found it a little disconcerting how much he didn't mind.

 

 

It was a Wednesday morning in April when Sam found himself leaning against Bucky's door jamb, a cup of coffee in his hand. He figured Bucky must have had a bad night because it was late morning and he was still out. Sam took a sip of his coffee and watched Bucky's chest rise and fall just to make sure he actually was breathing. He had on the sequined shirt from Target, his hand resting over the star, legs sprawled atop Falcon sheets. His prosthetic arm sat in a case next to his bed.

Sam turned toward the living room before he crossed the line between checking-up and creeping-on, though some part of him wanted to keep watching. Bucky's face when he slept--it was really something.

"Sam?"

Sam looked back into Bucky's room, conjuring up a smile. "Hey. Just making sure you weren't in trouble."

Bucky gave him his own smile in return, his eyes still half-shut with sleep. Dammit, it was cute. Especially with his curls sticking up in eight different directions. "Sweet that you care about me like that."

A million snarky replies and wisecracks sat on the edge of Sam's tongue. A million other serious replies sat somewhere farther back. Bucky sat up and ran his fingers through his mussed hair. Sam couldn't help but imagine how it would feel to do that, pulling his eyes away until they fell on the half-turned shield. He rested his own hand on his chest.

"Sam?"

Sam cleared his throat.

"Sorry, was just imagining the peace and quiet I'd have without you." Sam looked down into his coffee cup and cringed.

"Right."

"Bucky, I--" Sam shook his head.

"It's okay. I know where we stand."

"We stand as friends. At the end of the day, no matter how big of a pain in my ass you are, you're my friend."

Bucky smiled at him, a little sweet, a little bitter. "Friends. Sure." His hand went absently across the sequins--red, silver, blue. Then again--navy, pewter, navy.

"You stole my shirt," Sam said. It was a half-lie. When they'd gotten home from the centaur battle, Sam had pulled the shirt off and left it in the bathroom hamper they barely ever used. He hadn't touched it since.

Bucky looked down. One of his lips twitched. "Oh, you want it back?" His fingers gripped the hem and tugged it up over his head. He tossed it at Sam and sat on the edge of his bed, bare from the waist up. Sam did not follow the trail of dark hair that led into his pajamas. He did not.

He so very did.

Okay. Two could play at this game. Quietly, Sam walked toward Bucky's nightstand, putting down his coffee.

"Thanks," Sam said, and then he grabbed the bottom of his own shirt and pulled it off, intent on replacing it with the shield tee. He didn't get that far. Somewhere, his eyes lost in a haze of cotton, he felt cool fingertips press against his belly and trail down. Sam's breath hitched.

That same hand found Sam's wrist and pulled it away, leaving his shirt around his eyes, grabbing hold of the fabric and pulling it taut like a blindfold, deftly folding and rearranging until Sam felt the cooler air of the room hit his lips.

"Sam," Bucky said, like a desperate plea, and Sam felt his breath on his chin. He shuddered, remembering that he had hands, reaching out and finding Bucky's waist, fitting the circle of his palms and fingers on either side above his hip bones. He was so warm, his skin so soft. Sam wanted to touch every inch, taste every inch, feel every inch beneath him.

"Tell me not to, Sam, and I won't."

Sam let out a plea of his own. "Buck."

The kiss was a surprise only so far as Sam couldn't see exactly when it was coming. He could guess by the warmth radiating off of Bucky's skin, by the way his breathing got closer and more shallow. But he still gasped into Bucky's mouth when their lips met, that gasp immediately turning into a pleased hum. Just in case Bucky thought of pulling away, Sam snaked his arms around him and held him close, humming again when Bucky's body pressed against his and Sam could feel how hard Bucky was already.

They kept kissing, Sam's eyes still wrapped in cotton, his memory of Bucky's bedroom his only guide at turning Bucky and backing him up until they both tumbled onto his bed, Sam half-falling on top of him, Bucky helping him along by never letting go of the shirt.

Rutting. Sam was rutting against Bucky like he was sixteen again, grinding away with his first girlfriend in the back of a car that was at least three different colors. Bucky met him, body rolling, hips seeking every rub of friction they could find.

"Bucky." Sam finally broke the kiss, mouthing Bucky's jaw with wet kisses.

"You said no one gets to fuck me on these sheets but you."

"Oh for fuck's sake."

"We can move if you want. Just... Christ, Sam, please."

The sound of Bucky begging went straight to Sam's cock. Fuck, he could get used to that. To Bucky needing it like that. To Bucky wanting it like that from him.

"Already told you. A guy gets as far as your bed, he's not leaving over the sheets." Sam sucked briefly on the spot behind Bucky's ear, still rutting all the while, eating up Bucky's moans where they snaked through his veins like fire. "You want me to fuck you then? That's what you're asking?"

"As deep as you can possibly fit," Bucky said, and the growl Sam let out in response was positively feral. He found Bucky's mouth again, kissing him like a thirsty man drinks from a well. And fuck if Bucky Barnes wasn't a great kisser, his tongue moving in ways that made Sam's cock ache to feel it there.

"Let me see you," Sam said, and Bucky finally pulled the shirt away, slowly uncovering Sam's eyes. Beneath him, Bucky's pupils had nearly eaten up the blue-gray of his eyes. His hair was somehow even messier than it had been. There was a slight blush across his chest and cheeks. "I'll admit you're pretty damn good-looking."

"Yeah?" One corner of Bucky's mouth quirked up. "Then I'll admit you're one of the hottest fellas I've ever met."

"Love it when you talk old-timey to me, Buck."

"Yeah? Wreck my ass and see how much I forget when and where I am."

"How are you even mouthier when you're horny?"

"How are we still dressed?"

"That," Sam said, "is actually a very good question." And he rolled off of Bucky and stood up, raising one finger to beckon Bucky to his feet. "Pants off, Barnes."

"Sure thing, Captain Wilson." Bucky slid his hand back and forth along the waistband of his pajamas until he got them past his hips, gravity doing the rest of the work. Sam stared for several seconds, drinking in Bucky's toned body, the trail of hair that led to a nest of dark curls. His cock was average, a little thick, pre-come beading at the tip.

His thighs were well above average. But Sam already knew that. If he was being honest with himself, he'd already imagined them around his waist. Had already dreamed about them there on the nights when his brain gave him good thoughts instead of bad memories.

"Turn around," Sam said, and Bucky grinned and happily spun on his heels.

"You want me to bend over, show you where I want you?"

"Jesus, you are nasty."

"So yes?"

"Hell yes."

Bucky laughed quietly and put his palm on the edge of the nightstand, arching his back and leaning forward with the grace of a dancer. That in itself was hot as fuck, but it didn't show Sam everything he wanted to see.

"I'm gonna touch you," Sam said, waiting for Bucky to nod before he reached out and put his hands on Bucky's ass, pulling it apart. At the first sight of that puckered rim of muscle, Sam licked his lips and groaned.

"Just think. You're gonna be in there soon."

"Not soon enough." Sam ran his thumb across Bucky's rim, delighting in the way Bucky shivered. "Lube?"

Without standing up, Bucky pulled open the nightstand drawer and reached inside. Sam raised an eyebrow at the rest of the contents--a couple of vibrating toys and a dildo that was both impressive and tantalizing in size and shape.

"You play with that a lot?" Sam asked.

"Not as often as I like. I have a roommate, you see."

Sam leaned over his back and kissed the nape of his neck. "Your roommate wants to watch next time."

"Maybe he can help me get it in there."

"Maybe he can. Help you get it in and then fuck your wrecked-out hole, huh?"

"Now who's nasty?" Bucky asked, but he sounded half-giddy at the prospect.

"Come here." Gently, Sam encouraged Bucky onto the bed, on his back with his thighs slightly spread. "Give me your hand." Bucky held it out, palm up, and Sam coated his fingers thoroughly in lube, taking a step back so Bucky and the bed were in full view.

Bucky looked at his slicked-up fingers and then at Sam with mock confusion. "And what would you like me to do with these, Captain?"

"So that's how it is, huh?" Sam asked, running his hand once down his length for the relief of it. Bucky's eyes bored into his, waiting, challenging. Sam raised his chin. "Put your fingers in your ass, Bucky."

Bucky's lips split wide, eyes blazing. On the bed, he drew his heels up onto the mattress, pushing his ass up off the bed until he could snake his hand under one thigh, reaching around to smear lube on his hole, the pink flesh there glistening with it.

"That's it," Sam said.

And whether he did it consciously or not, Bucky bit his lip when he started to push his finger in, a delicate little moan sliding out around his teeth.

"How fast can you do that?" Sam asked, watching one slick finger move in and out of Bucky, his cock twitching and leaking with the need to replace it, to thrust in and out and writhe against Bucky's hot skin.

"Pretty fast. You'd think being as old as I am, I'd have learned patience by now." Bucky slipped in another finger with a quiet cry. "But I'm so bad at making myself wait for it." Another grunt and Bucky added a third. "You wanted to watch me fuck myself, right? That's what this is about?"

"Yeah, I really did." Sam kept his eyes on Bucky's hand, on all three digits pushing into him again and again. It was hot as hell. He could already imagine the amount of times he was going to jerk off to just that image alone.

"Sam," Bucky said, and Sam met his eyes. "I won't tell anybody if you can't wait for it either."

It was like Bucky had cast a line out and hooked him right in his belly button, Sam's feet moving seemingly of their own accord, stepping closer and closer. Somewhere along the way, he popped the top on the lube, slicking down the length of his cock.

"Take your fingers out," Sam said, hands already pushing up on Bucky's thighs, knees walking across the mattress and those supersoft Falcon sheets they were about to thoroughly violate. Sorry, cartoon Sam.

Bucky pulled his hand free, fingers streaking wet across the back of Sam's neck when he pulled him into a hot kiss. Sam still had his mouth on Bucky's when he lined up and started to slowly push his cock inside.

"Oh fuck." He mumbled the words against Bucky's lips, felt Bucky gasping when he took another inch. "You okay?" Sam choked.

Bucky hummed, his eyes shut, his chin dipping into several nods.

Little by little, Sam kept pushing, slowly losing himself in the tight heat of Bucky's body until it finally gave and let him sink the rest of the way, hips falling flush against Bucky's ass.

"Oh, God." Sam let his forehead fall against Bucky's, the air between them growing hot and humid. "You got any idea how tight you are?"

"Mouth," Bucky said, and Sam did his best to interpret that, finding Bucky's lips, sliding his tongue alongside Bucky's for several long, languid moments. Until, beneath him, Bucky started to squirm. A little wiggle here and there at first. A tiny noise of wanting. Sam pulled away, rubbing his nose alongside Bucky's.

"Buck, something you wanna ask for? Beg for maybe?"

"Maybe."

"Go ahead then. I'll wait."

"Sam..." Bucky wiggled again, fingers pressing into the nape of Sam's neck, face nuzzling against Sam's, lips occasionally landing on a patch of skin, teeth sometimes following with grazes that zinged down Sam's spine.

"Bucky."

"You gotta fuck me, pal. I'm dying."

"Oh, are you?"

"Please."

"That's better. Beg a little more. I like your voice like that."

"I'll take it real good for you, Sam. All you gotta do is give it." Bucky pulled him in for another kiss, so sloppy and wet that Sam had to force his hips to stay still. "Please, Sammy, I want my skin to remember you for days. I wanna lay here and feel your come leaking right out of my asshole."

"Jesus." Sam's hips did a little dance that he could've sworn he didn't ask them to, stuttering back and forth, his cock sliding in and out of Bucky's tight rim. Beneath him, Bucky groaned so sinfully that Sam had to do it again on purpose. And fuck, that felt so good, so so good--Bucky's tight ass moving around him.

"Fuck, that's it," Bucky sighed, and Sam was lost. Entirely gone on Bucky and on how it felt to fuck him. He drew his hips back and thrust deep, finding a rhythm that Bucky marked with sounds that were so damn good they felt like an intergalactic crime. Surely someone was going to show up any second and tell them they had to stop, that this wasn't allowed, that things weren't allowed to be this good or to feel like this. Sam kept fucking, losing his cock in Bucky and pulling it out, only to lose it again.

Beneath him, a thin sheen of sweat coated Bucky's forehead, his cheeks even pinker, his lips too-red from snapping his teeth around them and from kissing Sam. Sam had always been aware that Bucky was attractive, but this...

Sam loosed one hand from Bucky's hips to push his sweat-damp hair back from his face. "I really, really like you like this."

"Good." Bucky's hand slipped off the back of his neck and cupped one of Sam's cheeks. "I like you like this too." He smiled briefly--warm and soft--before his head fell back against the mattress again, opening his throat up so he could let out a deep moan that went straight to Sam's belly.

Soon. He could feel it in the way Bucky's warmth hugged him, in the way every thrust seemed to pile onto the one before it. Like he was building a wall of dominoes and at any moment, Bucky's perfectly tight hole was going to knock it the fuck over.

"Buck. Bucky." Sam reached for his chin and took it in his hand, holding it firmly until Bucky opened his eyes and looked at him. He didn't even say it, that he was right there, that he was so so... Beneath him, Bucky grinned like he was the most blissed-out any man has ever been--half-delirious and cock-drunk.

"Come," Bucky slurred, hand snaking between their bodies to grip his own cock, jerking it hard and fast. Sam covered his hand, quickening his thrusts to match Bucky's near-furious pace. Beneath him, Bucky's mouth gaped open, letting out a moan that was near-continuous.

"Fuck." Sam's jaw clenched and he swallowed hard before letting out a rumbling groan. "Oh, fuck."

The first domino fell, and Sam thrust deep into Bucky's hole, his hips stuttering with every twitch of his cock, come filling Bucky up while Sam moaned, trying his best to keep his eyes locked on Bucky's, to watch the faces he made when he realized Sam was doing exactly what he'd wanted.

To watch his face when...

Bucky's mouth fell open again, his eyes rolling a little when Sam felt the first drop of wet on his skin, Bucky shooting off between them, marking them both up and making an absolute mess of both their chests and bellies. Sam didn't pull out until he stopped, collapsing on the bed next to Bucky.

But Bucky, apparently, wasn't done, sliding down the bed to lick softly at the come on Sam's belly, trailing sloppy kisses down to Sam's cock where he gave his now-spent erection a couple of soft sucks like he had to make sure there was nothing left.

"Fuck," Sam grunted, tangling his fingers in Bucky's curls--now at their peak from the humidity of Bucky's sweat. He relaxed when Bucky kissed over one of his hip bones. "You gonna come back up here?"

"Yeah." Bucky slid up the mattress and pressed his body against Sam's, finding his mouth and kissing him. All the urgency gone, it was a soft kiss, almost loving. Sam had no idea how long he laid there with Bucky's mouth on his. All he knew was when he pulled away, they'd thoroughly tangled themselves together, Bucky's leg swung over his own.

"Hey," Sam said, running his fingers through Bucky's hair again, enjoying the feeling of Bucky's palm pressed against his bare chest. "How you doing?"

"Good. Really good."

"How's your ass?"

Bucky snorted softly. "Wet. You wanna feel it?"

Sam blinked in surprise that only grew when Bucky took his hand and guided it behind his back. Sam hummed appreciatively when his fingers found Bucky's hole, loose and slick with come that Sam gently pushed back inside.

"You..." Sam shook his head. "Have you always talked like this?"

Bucky grinned, looking pretty damned pleased with himself.  "You think I got bent over the seats of Army Jeeps by asking nice? Split wide open after hours at work by being coy?" Bucky asked. "Please, mister, since we're both working late tonight, would you like to test the structural integrity of my desk?"

"So accounting was nice then?"

"It was the Brooklyn Navy Yard. I like math and sucking dick until I choke on come. You tell me."

"Jesus. Don't hold back now."

"I'm gonna suck yours, you know. With permission obviously."

"Obviously." Sam twirled a stray curl around his index finger. "I'm gonna eat your ass until it drips."

Bucky playfully tweaked one of his nipples. "Wow, Sam. Have you always talked like--"

"Stop." Sam laughed and trailed his fingers down Bucky's side. "You wanna take a shower?"

"With you? Think that's all I've wanted for a long time."

Sam got up first, leading Bucky through the house like he didn't also live there. Under the spray, he washed Bucky carefully then let Bucky return the favor. And, well, if he got hard again and let Bucky suck him off while the water dripped all down his pretty face, Sam had zero regrets about that.

 

 

"Buck, I have a plan."

"Is this a centaur plan or a jump out of--"

"For the love of fuck."

"Fine, what's your plan?"

"Okay, so we both get a cart. You go for the snacks. I'll go for the drinks. We're in and out in under fifteen and we've got the rest of the day to--good morning." Sam nodded at the Target employee walking past them to the front doors, giving them both a look while they pulled them open and then forced them shut behind them.

"Are you gonna get the sparkling water I like?" Bucky asked.

"Yes, I will get your gross grapefruit sparkling water and a 4-pack of Starbucks bottles. Mocha."

Bucky seemed to mull that over. He looked at Sam and held out his hand.

"And I'll get kettle chips and that spicy hummus you like."

Sam shook Bucky's hand just in time for a manager to unlock the doors. Sam looked down at his watch.

"Self-checkout at 08:15."

"You got it, Cap." Bucky cocked a smile and saluted, and then he was off with Sam right on his heels until they reached the grocery section and split up.

Back at home, they spread their snack haul out on the coffee table, taking opposite ends of the couch, their legs tangled together in the center.

"So this is about being dead, right?" Bucky asked while Sam scrolled through the Roku menu.

"Okay, so when you phrase it like that, it sounds really really bleak."

"But it's a sitcom?"

"Yes. With a little romance on the side."

"But they're dead?" Bucky asked, and Sam looked up at him. Bucky had a plateful of chips and dips and was busy trailing a hot Cheeto through spicy nacho cheese, his brow furrowed while he made lines of red dust in the near-nuclear yellow.

"Do we need to watch something else?" Sam nudged Bucky's thigh with his foot, and Bucky looked up at him.

"No." He shook his head. "Just thinking about what it would mean to find love when you thought your life was long over." Bucky popped the chip in his mouth and chewed absently, giving Sam a small smile that made Sam's stomach twirl like a county fair Gravitron.

"Something you need to tell me?" Sam asked, and Bucky smiled just a little wider, looking at Sam with sparkling blue-gray eyes.

"Not yet," he said. "But maybe someday soon."

"I'm looking forward to it," Sam said. "And to maybe having something to say back."

"Yeah." Bucky reached over and squeezed Sam's ankle, the metal cool against his skin. "Me too."

 