 

Sometimes he wondered if they'd purposefully assigned him a therapist whose office was three hours by train from New York. Like it was part of his atonement. Making him sit quietly with his dark thoughts while the world sped past him on the other side of dirty glass.

Or maybe they just wanted him to move closer. Who could say?

Sam had a place in D.C. didn't he? Not that it mattered, or that he cared, or anything.

"Something on your mind, James?" Dr. Raynor said, breaking the usual start-of-session silence.

Too many things. But he could narrow it down for her. He was generous that way. "Dr. Raynor, I just think..."

"Yes?"

He dug himself deeper into the couch cushions, entrenched and ready.

"I think it was messed up, you bringing Sam into one of our sessions." Okay, maybe not so much with the generosity. But he was made for fighting, after all. "Without even asking me first."

"I understand why you would feel that way," she said.

"Oh good, you understand. That means a lot."

"Sarcasm is not a productive way to express your emotions, James." 

Bucky bristled, like a school kid being scolded, and crossed his arms over his chest. "You could've asked first, that's all."

"Yes. I agree, actually," she admitted, though not at all contritely. "I acted hastily. I apologize for overstepping. At the time, with your freedom a little bit on the iffy side--" She swiveled her hand in the universal gesture of uncertainty. "--it seemed like the best way, at the time, to work through the underlying conflict."

"Underlying conflict," he repeated, trying very hard not to roll his eyes. 

She made a face as if to say, sarcasm again. 

Fine. Fine. He shook his head and looked at the wall. "We were there fighting super soldiers on top of moving trucks, that seems like pretty overt conflict to me, Doctor." He kept looking at the wall. It was blank and comforting. "Bringing Sam in to see all my... bullshit, it doesn't really help with that."

He didn't care if anyone thought he was weak, or broken, or anything like that. Because he was those things. He thought instead of the look on Sam's face before he'd left their impromptu shared session. How he seemed just that much further away from Bucky. Whatever connection they'd built, tenuous at best, snapped clean through by Bucky's insecurities and his indictments and his inability to keep his stupid mouth shut. 

Strangers again, with a common square-headed enemy, but not much else.

"James," Dr. Raynor said, and he finally tore his gaze away from the wall to look at her. "You're the one who missed a session because you'd decided to jump on--and out of--a plane with him, spur of the moment." Her left hand imperceptibly clutched her notebook closer to her lap. An unspoken threat she knew he'd see. "Let's talk about that."

His arms crossed a little bit tighter over his chest. 

"I was mad at him," he said. That was it. Truly. Talking complete shit about wizards. Not that he'd ever try to explain that non-sequitur to Dr. Raynor.

"And this was your reaction to being mad at him?" she asked, voice as cool and unengaged as ever. See? that coolness was saying. You can tell me anything because I don't really care. He knew better than to fall for it. She caught his eye and dared him to look away again. "Throwing yourself into harm's way?"

"Harm's--?" He shook his head. "Look, Doctor, I'm pretty much indestructible. If you think this was some kind of self-punishment, some kind of masochistic... whatever, that would be a pretty dumb way for me to go about it."

It was like he could feel his buttons being pushed, one by one, and he was helpless to stop it. She may have been evil, some offshoot of Zola's A.I. computer. The jury was still out on that.

"So," she said, in her evil robotic way, "it was about protecting him. Making sure he didn't get hurt, even when you were mad at him." She made an impressed kind of face, flipped her notebook open and wrote something down, short and quick, nodding with self-satisfaction.

"No. I didn't say that." He unfolded his arms to wag a metal finger at her sharply. "Stop doing that."

"You and Sam. You're partners, right?"

Bucky shifted uncomfortably. Push, push, push those buttons, lady android. 

"I don't know if I'd use that word, in particular."

They were... mutual acquaintances? Who saved each other's asses on occasion? Or were they just Steve's discarded wingmen, like that slack-jawed, dead-eyed, helmet-wearing impostor had said. That dick. Bucky crossed his arms again.

"Do you have a preferred label?" Dr. Raynor asked. "Have you and Sam discussed it? That could actually be a big contribution to the root of your conflict." 

The notebook was open again. Fuck that thing.

"Discussed it? No. We don't discuss. He talks too much. I can barely listen."

"James. Relationships are a two-way street. You should try harder to engage with him when he reaches out to you."

Bucky didn't say anything, mostly because it felt like he couldn't. How was he supposed to contribute to a conversation that was speeding away from him at a hundred miles an hour while he sat on his thumb at the train station and fumbled over the word relationship. But Dr. Raynor didn't seem to care. She just kept at it, like he was a hangnail she needed to chew off.

"This lack of communication--has it affected your intimacy at all?"

The train came to a screeching halt. Smoke wafted off the fire-hot brakes.

"My what?" 

"I know, I know," Dr. Raynor said, placating, both hands up. "We usually don't get into the topic. And this may be a conversation I should have with the both of you here." She smiled at him, soft and entreating. She'd never looked more menacing. "I am asking your permission this time, by the way."

"For Sam--Sam Wilson--" He laughed, incredulous. "--to come to another one of my legally-mandated therapy sessions?" What a terrible fucking idea. "Why would he even agree to that?"

That look on Sam's face the last time. Bucky couldn't stop thinking about it. How he'd ruined something, even if he didn't know what.

"That's a good question," Dr. Raynor said. "Why do you think he agreed last time?"

"I don't know. Probably to piss me off."

"Do you really believe that?"

"I mean. No. Maybe."

"You don't think it's because he cares about you?"

He hated the walls in this place, actually. How could he have ever thought that their blankness had brought him comfort before.

"James. Do you believe that Sam cares about you?"

And the ceiling. What a dumb ceiling.

The soft tap-tap-tapping sound of Dr. Raynor's pen on the leather covering of her notebook threatened him again. He ignored it. Bravely.

"Because--and I know I don't have to tell you this--it's extremely important for a functioning relationship that both partners are assured of the other's feelings for them."

Tap. Tappity tap.

"James."

He sighed out through his nose, and tried to rewind back through the conversation. What on earth was she talking about? He knew he sometimes got a little too sensitive about the generational differences between all these young kids like Dr. Raynor and his 'stuffy' old ways, as she might say, but the way they just... talked about feelings all the time, like nothing was private or personal anymore. He didn't get it. It was like those weird white sticks people jammed into their ears. There was no way it could feel good or could be useful in any way, and yet everybody seemed to do it.

"We don't really... talk about stuff like that."

"So it's all just physical? Because that's okay, too, as long as you're both on the same page about it."

"Dr. Raynor, I don't want to talk about this." Mostly because it was more of her modern day mumbo jumbo, and he was more confused than he'd like to admit.

"Well, I think it's necessary. From everything we've talked about before, it's very clear to me that Sam is an important part of your life. After your efforts to make amends, maybe the second most important part." Her hands were up again, palms out, an offering of understanding.

He shook his head. "It's not like that."

"Like what?"

"I--" 

Because even with those offered hands, he didn't think she'd ever understand. Not in any way that he could explain.

"James."

But he guessed he had to try.

"Look. We both had a connection to Steve. And now that he--now that that connection is gone, it's like... you know when you put two cuts of string in a drawer, and they just, they get all tangled up somehow?"

She sat up straighter. "You want to talk Knot Theory with me? I'm listening."

"Well, it's like. I don't know. Steve was the only family I had left." He stopped there for a moment. He needed to compose his thoughts so he didn't reveal too much. Yeah, he was bad at therapy. It wasn't like both he and Dr. Raynor weren't painfully aware of that already. He just... didn't want to see the look on her face if he admitted that he didn't even blame Steve for going. How that would make the proverbial light bulb go off, like she could crack him, finally. If he admitted that, given the opportunity himself, Bucky would probably pop off to a time when he didn't really exist, too.

But those were 'inside' thoughts, as he'd started categorizing them. One of those tricky suckers had already escaped during their session with Sam, and that had been pretty much terrible for everyone involved.

"Keep going," Dr. Raynor prompted, as if she was already aware of all his defensive tactics, as if she was familiar with him or something. She was, he had to admit, marginally better than him at therapy. Marginally.

"And now," he said, clearing his throat a little. "Now it's just me, and I don't, I don't really like when it's just me? So there's... Sam. You know what I'm saying?"

"I can make an educated guess. You both loved Steve--" He nodded, begrudgingly, and she smiled, but a little sad. "--and you both feel a gap where he used to be. And maybe trying to fill that gap with each other, without actually talking about it, or trying to make a new space for the person you're with now, is causing you both to lash out." She rested one end of the capped pen on her chin and leaned forward, one of her transparent tricks to emphasize that he really needed to listen now. "Because you're angry that the other person isn't who you lost. And that's not fair to either one of you. Or in any way healthy."

"I guess?" A desperate thought: If he agreed, maybe she'd drop it. Because this felt worse than ramming white plastic sticks in his ears could ever.

"Listen. James. It's very important that you know, for sure, if you want to be with Sam or if you just miss Steve."

"If I want to be with Sam," he repeated, as if the words would make more sense a second time. 

"If you want him in your life."

His stomach churned. Like it was his choice? Like people didn't just up and leave on their own whether he wanted them to or not? Like he was worth staying for?

Inside thoughts, all of them.

"Look," he said, finally. He had to distance himself from this whole topic somehow. "Sam's a good guy. I know I give him grief, and I don't know why. He doesn't deserve it. Maybe..." He let out a big breath, hoping, unsuccessfully, that it would be cleansing somehow. "Maybe I should just leave him alone."

"Again, this would be so much easier if he were here, and you could say this to him directly, and hear if that's what he wants."

Well that was a terrible idea. He wouldn't even grace it with a response. 

Dr. Raynor leaned back in her chair again. A move to show how completely non-aggressive whatever passive-aggressive thing that came out of her mouth next would be. "You know," she said, casual as can be, "you never answered my question, before."

"Which one?" He thought he'd dodged about ten by now. But she was an evil A.I.; she'd catalogued them all for sure.

"Your physical intimacy with Sam. How is that going? Is it going?"

Uh, no. Being physical with Sam? He didn't really think about it. Not the way Sam's legs had felt sandwiched between his during their joint therapy session. Sturdy and warm and mocking and clever.

Or the way Sam had crashed into him under that semi truck. His arms a protective shield around him as they tumbled through the sun-warmed grass. The feel of his chest breathing, up and down, up and down, under Bucky's.

The way the round bulge of his shoulder would graze against Bucky when they sat next to each other, too close, but somehow not close enough.

The reassurance of his strong hand slapping his arm or grasping his neck, letting him know, I'm here with you, we're together in this.

"I don't see how that's relevant," he said, looking to the side.

"You don't see how physical intimacy can impact your relationship?"

"Honestly, I don't. Look." How did anyone survive the twenty-first century walking around being this open and touchy feely? Did no one have any protections anymore? How were they strutting around with their hearts all open and exposed and not getting completely bruised up? Physical intimacy. Relationships. Kids to-fucking-day. Just touching each other all easy because they didn't have any fucking cares in the world. Didn't they know how dangerous that was? How dangerous everything around them was?

"It's okay to be touched," she said, completely unhelpfully. 

"Dr. Raynor. I know what you're thinking. But just because I'm a hundred years old doesn't mean I'm repressed, okay. It's just..." No, no, no, get back inside, thought, back where you belong. His left hand clenched. "I don't like touching people, alright?" Because for so long, touching meant killing. Meant the chair. Meant pain. "Why are you bringing this up? You know I don't like talking about this. You know it doesn't help me." 

He kept telling her, but she never listened.

"And you don't like it when Sam touches you?"

He paused. Opened his mouth and waited for something, anything to come out. 

Raynor continued. "Have you told him this?"

He thought of Sam's laugh, then. How it always made him feel a little off-balance, lightheaded, with its genuineness, its openness, its generosity. Even when it was at Bucky's expense, there was a soothing afternote to it, rubbing away the sting almost immediately.

He thought about how he'd felt a different kind of lightheadedness when Sam's knee had knocked against his in that dark little police station room, before he'd walked out, angry and disappointed. Bucky's heart had thumped with a sense of wonder, combined with a sense of loss. How he'd wanted Sam to come back, bring back all that warmth, tangle up their strings again.

"I don't... not like it," he said, throat suddenly dry. "With Sam."

"Again," Dr. Raynor said, enunciating each syllable, "have you told him this?"

"Why would I ever tell him that?" Bucky said, gesturing vaguely in front of him. "He'd just... he wouldn't get it. You saw how he was with--with the chairs." 

He sounded like an idiot, he knew. But that sense of loss, it--maybe--haunted him.

"So, and I know you'll think this is prying," Dr. Raynor said, apology already in her tone, "but I'm really just trying to help here. So. What do you two do about sex?"

"Sex." There was suddenly a loud buzzing noise in his brain.

"Yes."

"With other people?"

"With each other, James."

"We... don't. Do that." 

Yeah, yeah, it was the twenty-first century, he knew he had to get with the program already, he really wasn't repressed, but were these kids really out there just having sex with each other all willy nilly? Probably, actually. The very forward messages he'd received on the online dating sites had pretty much proven that.

The pen was back at Dr. Raynor's chin. Pay attention, boy-o. "But do you want to?"

"I--uh."

Yes, said a very assertive inside thought. Yes we do.

"You know, James, it seems to me that the root of your conflict with Sam stems from this lack of intimacy, both emotional and maybe physical, too?"

"So you're saying I should--that we should--?" He didn't think this was what therapy was going to be like when he first started, that was for sure. One more thing to add to the to-do list, he guessed. "And this will make me feel better?" 

Aside from the obvious ways sex did that, of course.

Dr. Raynor perked up, like he'd just made her day. "I'm saying you two need to talk about it. And if you really want that talk to have any forward movement at all, it should be here. In this space, where you can't duck and feint away from each other."

Bucky frowned, but he was also nodding.







The television droned in the background as Bucky sat on the floor of his empty apartment, a sports talk show with aggressively confident men in suits sitting in what looked like the command deck of a spaceship.

Another session with Sam. Just the thought of it gave Bucky heartburn. How was he even supposed to bring it up? Last time had been easy, all things considered; someone had said sit here and they both sat there. Good little soldiers.

He pulled his phone out of his pocket and glared at it. Like it was the phone's fault for being the likely conveyance for this bedeviled task. Stupid phone.

In some sick form of retaliation, the phone cheerily buzzed at him. "New text message from Sam Wilson."


Keeping yourself out of trouble?


It was the kind of meaningless text Sam usually sent. The kind they both knew Bucky wouldn't respond to.

Let no one ever say James Bucky Barnes wasn't dedicated to his mental health journey. He breathed out through his nose and started tapping out a reply. It took at least five minutes to compose. How could anyone think these things were convenient?


I'm coming back down to D.C. for (more) therapy on Tuesday. Raynor wants you there too. You don't have to.


He barely had time to close the phone before it buzzed again with a reply. 


He's alive. He speaks.


Bucky snapped the phone shut again and put it away, with maybe more emphasis than was required for an audience of no one. Maybe a stoic silence would end the conversation, so he wouldn't have to.

Ten minutes later, the phone buzzed one more time.


What time? I'll be there.








Sam met Bucky in the waiting room. It was a nice room. The chairs were large and comfortable and the artwork was tasteful, calming. A nice, placid color on the walls. Bucky didn't look at Sam. He chewed on his lips and squeezed the fingers of his right hand between the metal ones on his left.

"Sam. James." Dr. Raynor opened the door to her office and called them in. Sam stood up and casually tugged Bucky by the sleeve, herding him in behind him.

"Dr. Raynor," Bucky said, sitting down on one end of the couch. He could have scooted a little further down, to make more room for Sam, but he didn't.

When Sam sat next to him, one warm thigh almost right up against his, Bucky breathed out and unclenched his hands. He hadn't even realized they were clenched. What was he, fifteen years old?

"I guess I'm... flattered to be here again?" Sam rubbed the flats of his palms against his legs. Nervous, maybe, trying to relieve tension. Bucky wasn't sure how he felt about that.

"James, why don't you begin," Dr. Raynor said. Helpful as always. 

Bucky squinted at her, before turning toward Sam with the whole upper half of his body. The movement pushed their legs closer together.

He smiled, one of his really terrible grimaced smiles that made people very uncomfortable. He didn't know what else to do. "Dr. Raynor thinks you and I should have sex. With each other." He reached over and awkwardly thwacked his right hand on one of Sam's, resting now on those remarkably hard, denim-covered quadriceps. "I think it's... yeah. We could, maybe? Someplace else, though. Not here. Like, not in front of her. Or right now." Bucky glanced at her a little desperately then. "Right?"

She didn't exactly look happy with his attempt, but she also looked like she was maybe trying not to laugh. Very professional. 

He turned back to Sam. "So...?"

As far as karmic punishments went, he thought the awful silence that followed was pretty fair.

Sam stared down at their hands, still touching. He cinched his lips tightly together, nodding, then popped his mouth open with a smack, said "okay," stood up, and walked right out of the office.

Bucky watched him go, mind completely whited out. 

"Well," he said absently to the door. "That went well."

"James."

"What?" He felt oddly deflated. Not even mad. "This is all such bullshit. I don't know why you make me humiliate myself like this. Is this fun for you?" The old accusation was rote, no feeling behind it.

"James." She looked at him. She smiled one of those impatient, patronizing smiles teachers used to use on the slower kids who weren't quite getting how long division worked. He got those a lot. "He said okay."

"What?" Oh. "Oh."

He said... Oh.

"Obviously, you both need to do so much more talking, but--"

Bucky hopped up off the couch. "Yeah, okay, goodbye Dr. Raynor, see you next week." He rushed out the door, but thought to poke his head back in at the last second. "This still counts as a full session, yeah?"

Dr. Raynor sighed, rolling her eyes. "Fine, yes."

He slapped the door jamb on the way out.





 

Sam was waiting for him outside the building. They took the metro back to Sam's D.C. apartment, and okay, yeah, maybe kissing Sam, then making out with him, Bucky's back pushed up against the wall while they necked, and falling together onto Sam's big bed, those crisp clean sheets, jerking him off, and getting jerked off by him, was kind of great, and maybe Dr. Raynor knew what she was talking about sometimes.

But only sometimes.

Sam hadn't even been weirded out that Bucky didn't try to touch him with his metal arm, that he'd just kept his left hand planted against Sam's headboard while his right had gone to work between their bodies, making Sam say the sweetest fucking things beneath him, in between kisses, the secret softie. 

Afterwards, as he lay on those crisp, no-longer-clean sheets, he thought to himself, a little madly, that it was really fucking great that his therapist's office was all the way down in D.C. 

Sam was lying on his stomach, one arm thrown over Bucky's torso. "So, that therapist of yours," he said, slightly out of breath. Which was hot; Bucky felt good about that. "Strange ideas, huh?"

"Strange woman," Bucky replied. "I think... you know what?" He sat up a little bit, but not enough to dislodge Sam's warm, warm arm. "I think she thinks we've been dating? This whole time?"

"Hmm." Sam angled his head on the pillow and sent him a look, very easy to read: And who exactly do you think gave her that idea? before smiling, slow and pleased and affectionate. 

Bucky's heart started thumping. 

"You mean you didn't figure that out either of the two times she literally asked us to do couples therapy together?" Sam said.

Bucky laughed, short and hard. Oh God. She had. He brought his hand up to his face.

"Clearly not," he said, wiping at his eyes. He couldn't stop laughing. He felt giddy. He hadn't felt giddy since 1943.

Sam scooted himself a little closer, used his arm around Bucky to tug him the rest of the way until they were chest to chest. "'Strange woman,' he says. Smart lady, I say."

Bucky smirked at him, and looked down at his mouth. "Smartass, I say."

"Shut up and get over here," Sam said, which didn't even make sense, because they were already on top of each other practically. "I got some ass for you."

Bucky shrugged against him, and smiled, sarcastic. "Yeah, alright." 

This time when he kissed Sam he realized, but only through a deep, contented haze, that his left hand was cupping Sam's jaw.

 

 

 