



Dr. Hart's office is nice.

Maybe a bit too sterile (but what can you expect with all its governmental brutalist interior design? And Christ, this waiting room sofa is not comfortable -- despite that fact, it has become your own designated spot) but there is this little bonsai tree in the corner by the door that you like. A lot.

When you'd asked about it, Dr. Hart said her father had been given it as a gift after his service in the second world war and she'd tended to it since his passing a decade ago.

"It's going on ninety-two years," she shrugged, "It takes patience and some nurturing and a lot of learning, but I've kept it alive all this time... Some might say it's a good allegory for therapy."

She said it with a hint of sardonic humor. You laughed at that. "Plants are nice."

"I thought you'd say that," she clucked, "Is it because they're predictable? No what-if's or challenges there? Nothing like people."

The jab was good-natured, but with a pointed edge; and back then, you didn't know any better than to lie and try to hide the fact she'd just read you like a book she knew all too well. Dog-eared corners and all. You'd lied to her face, said some stupid bold faced lie. It was about liking surprises. It was an attempt to divert the conversation. To control it.

You hate surprises.

Stupid.

She knew better. And now that you've been seeing her for four months, you could argue she knew you better than anyone else in your life. Maybe that isn't saying much -- mostly since the three biggest people in your life happened to be Dr. Hart, your neighbor Miss Bonnie, and your cat Mister Poke Bowl.

... Dr. Hart kept saying Poke didn't count, but it felt just plain rude to discredit the calico's clear, innate gift of listening. He was good at that. He always knew when you were having one of those moments. And, you two hung out, like, all the time. He definitely counted as a person. Or, maybe half of one.

For sure.

The door to the waiting room opens slowly, and your view of the bonsai tree disappears for a second. Suddenly, in its wake stands a tall, broad-shouldered man with a tired look. You blink. Your knee, for a moment, halts the rhythmic temp it had been locked into. Up and down and up and... down and up.

You've never seen him before.

He must be one of Dr. Raynor's patients. You'd met her a handful of times in passing. She shared an office space with Dr. Hart -- the two ran a practice together in downtown Manhattan. You knew that Dr. Raynor worked with the VA, mostly military-related clientele. Usually, it was uniform-clad servicemen that found a seat next to you in the office, wringing their berets in clammy hands. You wish you could say you didn't mind; they were all nice enough. It was just...

People. People are hard.

This man didn't need a uniform for you to know he was a soldier.

The way he carries himself to talk to Paula, the lovely secretary behind the front desk, tells you all you need to know. It's the cadence of his steps, the weight of his gait. He walks with purpose, but his expression says otherwise -- almost as if he's ashamed he takes up so much space in this quiet, little office.

You shift in your seat. Your knee resumes its bounce.

You find yourself staring; he looks horribly uncomfortable when he turns around to find a seat, and suddenly you find yourself wishing you could extend some sort of comfort. But, the thought of opening your mouth and speaking to the stranger is wildly paralyzing.

He finds a spot diagonal to you in that emerald chair that creaks, beside the bonsai.

When Dr. Hart rounds the corner and calls your name a second later, you disappear into her office without a second glance.                                

 

It's him again.

You're in the waiting room, fifteen minutes early like always.

He comes in two minutes after you and takes up the same spot as last time. Right by the bonsai. That emerald chair creaks as he sits with his legs spread and elbows resting on his knees. His head is bowed. He looks, frankly, like he could throw-up without a moment's notice.

Again, the temptation to offer some sort of comfort bubbles up.


Like, what? 'It gets easier?' Sure. We've all heard that line.


You swallow it down and sigh.

The quiet makes your ears ring. You don't like this feeling of forced silence. Sometimes it's even worse than conversation. It feels like picking the better of two evils. Dr. Hart says that's a normal feeling. That sometimes we just don't have enough in us to carry on a conversation; that recharging and listening is completely normal. She'd made a point to state that didn't mean avoiding human interaction all together for the sake of comfort.


"You need to learn how to live again. It's going to look different from last time, but you don't need to be anchored and drowned by your fear."


You cross your legs and weave your arms together and chew the inside of your lip.

When the stranger finally raises his head and leans back, you can't help the way your eyes jump to his face. You feel like you've had a brick hurled at your skull when you realize he's looking back at you with these big, tired, blue eyes. There's a tense moment of pained realization that you'd both been caught looking; then he clears his throat and crosses his own arms. He rubs a gloved hand over his face.

His eyes find the door.

To you, the bonsai tree has now become tenfold more interesting.

But, in that millisecond, you'd had enough time to realize he's handsome.

The next week, he's there before you.

In your seat.

Your seat.

The one in the center of the far wall, the one where you can see both exits from. The one that has a good view of the hall where the other offices are, and the bonsai. That pale green couch isn't comfortable in the fucking slightest but it does, somehow, bring you comfort. Routine. Structure.

You stutter-step when you push through the entrance to the office, half stuck on the rising panic of unplanned change, and half grimacing at the horrible realization you can't ask him to move. That would be rude. Incredibly rude. He definitely wouldn't. You wouldn't want him to either. He looks... less like he's going to yack. More calm.

You worry the sleeve of your sweater when you greet Paula. She gives you a sympathetic look, leaning to eye the man behind you when she checks you in. The artificial blonde leans, bending to reach under her desk.

"Twizzler for your trouble?" she whispers, tossing you a wink.

You smile, really smile, as you take one.


"Thank you."


You turn around and it takes you a second to evaluate your options.

Bucky notices.

He immediately felt bad when you'd pushed open the door. He hadn't expected you to be here again, but he supposes that's how this therapy thing works, huh? Routine. Structure. He wasn't going to tell Dr. Raynor (didn't want it to go to her head), but this whole thing is helping. A little bit. He felt like he was in control of one thing, at least, and that was where he was going to be every Tuesday at 9am.

He also notices that you're pretty. You've got big, tired doe-eyes. You hold yourself like you're fragile.

He almost gets up when you linger a second longer, a look of panic swelling in your eyes -- but you move to sit where he did last time before he can stand. Your attention is immediately on the bonsai tree. An approving look comes across your face when you notice it's been trimmed recently.

Bucky's eyes move to the wrapper that begins to crinkle in your hands.

On the good days, he remembers most things. Like his mom, his sister, his old house. He remembers boxing, his first Championship Title win, and where he used to go dancing with Steve. It took a long time, and a lot of journals full of feverish scribbles, but he remembered. Now, he isn't afraid of forgetting like he was. But, recently there have been little details that flick him in the forehead and leave him staring into space, dumbfounded at the simplest things like the senile old man he really is.

He's having one of those very moments.

The licorice in your hand. It's red. Strawberry flavored? No. Cherry? Could be. It's twisty.

He watches you take a bite.

All of a sudden, he blurts it out.


"Red vines."


Your head snaps to him, eyes wide. The Twizzler is hanging out of your mouth. You choke a bit.

"...I'm sorry?"

Bucky's mouth falls open and his brows lift in quiet realization he'd all but shouted the name of the candy he used to waddle down to the general store on fifth street with a penny for.

God, he loved those fuckin' things. Used to tear them apart to make 'em last longer.

His mouth hangs open for a second and he blinks once, twice, three times at you. You're like a deer in headlights, gripping half the licorice in your hand and the other half dangling from your lips. It'd been a good bite. He almost laughs at how terrified you look -- but instead, he shakes his head and pulls the corners of his mouth downwards in a "don't worry about it" expression.

"I, uh," he waves a hand in an attempt to move on. His voice is quiet. Almost a mumble, "I haven't had one of those in, like, a hundred years. Give or take."

Suddenly, Dr. Raynor is in the doorway.

Bucky meets her gaze, and then he's gone.

And you're left to look over your shoulder, wide-eyed as he disappears down the hall, with half the Twizzler still hanging out of your mouth.

He isn't there the following week.

You sit in your usual spot and stare at the ninety-two-year-old bonsai.

"Have you been doing your ABC sheets?"

You're chewing the inside of your lip when Dr. Hart asks. You suppose she knows the answer before you even speak judging by the pointed look she's pinned you in your chair with. You cross your legs tightly, fingers busy drawing patterns in the pale grey suede of the armchair. Your frown is self-deprecating.

"I didn't think my ABCs applied to this."

"Those sheets are going to apply to most things, you know," she raises a brow, "Like last week. Remember? When someone took your seat in the waiting room. There's a stuck point in there."

"It's just a seat."

"But to you," Dr. Hart clicks her pen, "It's more than that, isn't it?"

Your leg is bouncing again. Up and down. Up and down. She clicks her pen again and you draw a tight circle in the suede over and over. There's a tight silence that feels physical. The sort to make your chest tight. Words aren't easy, now.

You wince.

You speak slowly.

"I like to do what I do. What I always do."

"So it's about being in control?" Dr. Hart suggests gently.

You pout. Immediately ducking your head to your hands, you nod. She's right. You two have been over this. It's the social anxiety and the trust issues and the little flickers of bad that creep up when you start to feel the world spin just a little too fast around you.

"...Guess I shoulda done my worksheets."

"No shit," Dr. Hart clicks her pen one final time and then sits forward. She's smiling in a motherly sort of way. The kind of way you missed all those years your mom was gone. It settles you down. She turns in her chair, facing her large birchwood desk that has a bamboo plant on the highest shelf. Placing her notepad down, Dr. Hart claps her hands together, "I'm giving you homework this week. Do your worksheets..."

She trails off, jotting down a note.

"And?" you quirk your head, looking mildly pained.

"And, I want you to talk to the person who took your seat. Who knows. Maybe you'll make a friend."

Before you can argue against it, that you already have friends, Dr. Hart raises a finger. She shushes you and stands. She gestures to the door.

After all, your time is up.

You've decided that, in order to curb the seat-stealing, you'll simply get to your appointment twenty minutes early from now on.

The rented space that operates as Dr. Hart and Dr. Raynor's joint office is on the sixth floor. The building itself is massive -- all glass windows lining the street, plenty of natural light. Even a security desk up front. Very modern. Still brutalist and sharp, but nice. It was almost always busy.

And, it seems like your seat stealing stranger had the same idea as you today.

He's early.

You notice someone looming over your shoulder the moment you press the elevator's up button. The glossy little plate goes red. You frown to yourself.

You have to remember to breathe when the elevator quickly becomes full. You're shouldered to the back corner -- and you're twiddling your fingers in circles on your palm as you breathe in and hold and let go. With each floor, the elevator grows emptier and with each floor it gets easier to breathe.

Finally, after a minute that feels like an hour, it's only you and the sofa poacher in the lift.

You can feel his eyes on you. When you turn to look, you can't help but notice he's fast to avert his eyes. He rocks on the heels of his black, steel-toed boots. He clears his throat. There's a second of tense silence.

Then, he leans over and without looking at you, offers:

"Sorry I took your seat."

You blink up at him. There's this pained smile on his face as he says it -- one that seems almost embarrassed. He's looking at you now, eyes roaming your guarded reaction.

"It's, uh, it's the only spot in the waiting room where you can see all the exits," he says slowly, "I get a little paranoid. Dr. Raynor said I probably owed you an apology. Told me I'd forgotten my manners."

You relax a little.

"I was considering pressing charges, y'know. It's a pretty egregious crime..." comes the easy reply. It shocks you. When's the last time you cracked a joke with someone? Before the Snap, maybe. Your previous malice and anxiety begin to melt from your posture when he snorts quietly, "But, it's not like my name's written on it. So thanks."

"Yeah," he breathes as the doors to the elevator open, "Yeah, it's no problem."

You move as the doors swing open. He holds a hand, high above your head, to keep the doors from closing. He's quick to open the door to the office for you. Suddenly, you feel bad for being so... irritated. He clearly was just trying to make himself more comfortable in a new setting. Rationally speaking, you understood completely.

You check-in with Paula and when you meander on towards your usual spot, you sit far to the left of the sofa. You lean up against the arm and watch as the man turns to look for a seat.

Bucky is surprised to find that you're inclining your head towards the now free spot beside you.

The smile that creeps into his cheeks is quick and small but very real.

The next week, he gets there early and makes sure to leave room for you on the sofa.

He tries not to act like he was waiting for you when you enter the office; you toss him a small wave before moving to check-in with Paula. She must have noticed the exhausted look on your face -- all thanks to the way your week had been while dealing with the trauma narrative Dr. Hart had assigned for homework -- and offers up some Twizzlers again.

You make a point of taking two.

When you sit down, the man beside you offers a closed-lip smile.

You offer the Twizzler.

He pauses, eyes lighting up a bit. It's subtle enough, but you notice the micro-twitch of his brows almost immediately.

You're already biting into yours when you speak. "What did you call these?"

"Red Vines," Bucky blinks, fingers stilling as he nods. His words are slow and he speaks with a profound sense of finality that's incredibly comedic, "And I called them that because that's what they are."

"They're Twizzlers," you chew, eyeing the licorice in your hand, "Red Vines sound like something that would give me a rash."

"Yeah, well, Twizzler sounds stupid," he supplies, taking his own bite, "...Twizzler. Who even came up with that?"

That gets a snort out of you. Quiet. Barely there. But it's a laugh.

You flick your wrapper at him when Dr. Hart calls your name. Bucky smiles to himself as you disappear around the corner.

"Nice brick."

Bucky jumps.

He'd been preoccupied with the cellphone in his hands.

Dr. Raynor had suggested he get one. To keep in contact with friends, she'd said. But, Bucky couldn't even figure out how to send a 'text' on this thing. He didn't know what any of this meant -- and even still, this one had buttons. Nothing like that weird touchscreen shit he saw at the local mobile store.

He blinks. He hadn't even heard you sit down next to him in the waiting room.

"What?"

"That," you point, finger waggling, "The phone. It's a brick. Could probably survive a nuclear blast. Kinda like a cockroach, y'know?"

"That's a nice feature," he mumbles, "Did I pay extra for that?"

"No," you laugh a little, "It's built-in with those Nokias."

His brows raise quickly, and he folds the phone over in his gloved hands.

"Do, uh... Do you know how to type on this thing? Y'know, how to send a 'text'?"

Your lashes flutter. There's confusion swirling in your eyes. Bucky can see it -- and it makes him feel sheepish for even asking. But, you nod and gesture with a gimme motion. He hands over the flip phone. Intrigued, he watches as you effortlessly pull up the inbox and start a new message.

"The numbers," you explain, "Are letters. So, uh, 'hi' is just the four button twice, then three times."

His face is stoic. He speaks evenly. "What the fuck."

"Listen, you bought this ancient relic, not me," you wave a hand in the air dismissively, "I'm surprised you didn't invest in a little charm for this thing."

"And you, uh, you text the same way?"

"No way, grandpa," you mutter, confused about his naivete when it came to the technology -- but again, who were you to judge. You reach into your back pocket and muscle your own phone out. The thing is light and sleek compared to the blunt force weapon in Bucky's hand, "It's a touchscreen."

"Too complicated."

"Says the man literally wearing out his three key already."

You aren't at your appointment the next week.

Bucky just stares at the old bonsai tree and worries.

You're in the coffee shop down the street from Dr. Hart's office, thirty minutes before your appointment, when someone taps you on the shoulder.

It's a little place, in the basement of a retail shop. It's usually quiet. You don't worry as much as usual about the crowding -- not like what happens at Starbucks. That sort of shit is painfully anxiety-inducing. Too many eyes. Too many ways to fuck up.

You can't help but laugh when you turn around to see the stranger from the waiting room. Suddenly, you're not tapping your foot. You're not as anxious as before.

You both speak at the same time.

"You missed your appointment last week."

"Are you stalking me?"

Bucky snorts. Your face is lit up -- a rare look of genuine contentment settling in the weight of your lips. He steps up next to you by the end of the counter, apparently waiting for an order just like you. His hands are in his pockets.

"If I was stalking you," he says, pursing his lips and watching the barista, "You wouldn't know until it's too late."

"Ooh," you coo, eyes wandering the menu you'd already ordered from, "Big words coming from the technologically inept one. Speaking of, how's the texting going? Finally spell out a word?"

"Can't say I really have anyone I text."

You look up at him then. "No one?"

"No one."

You hum. Before you can reply, the barista calls your name and slides your order across the counter. It's a hot tea with honey -- not what you'd usually opt for, but Dr. Hart had been rather adamant about cutting back on the caffeine intake. It was a blow, but one that had quickly settled a lot of your wilder panic attacks.

When you return to the stranger's side, his voice is soft.

"So that's your name."

You snort a hot burst of air through your nose. You duck your head.

"It fits, y'know," he nudges you gently with his elbow, "Definitely fits."

Then, the barista calls out a tall cold brew for Becky.

The man beside you sighs.

Your brows raise. He moves, retrieving the order. He shoots you a look -- one that's borderline murderous.

"Becky?" you ask, falling in step with him, "No judgment--"

"Don't say it--"

"--It fits?" you take a sly sip of your tea.

The morning air is cold. Becky holds the door for you. He's got the gloves on, still. Even though it's forty-five out and the sun is bright. But, like a lot of things with this man, you opt not to ask.

"It's Bucky, actually," he makes a point to enunciate his letters, "And that happens more often than I'd like to admit."

"Hm. Bucky," you say, testing it on your tongue.

"That's my name. Don't wear it out."

You nod, turning mid-step to offer your hand.

He shakes it.

"Nice to meet you, Bucky."

His laugh is warm -- the sort that feels like a rare little glimpse of someone he used to be. Somehow, it almost seems foreign to him. You catch that look in his eyes, but continue to try and match his longer strides. His legs are long.

"Does this make us friends?" he asks, suddenly.

"I dunno," you mutter with a hopeful look, "Does it?"

"I think I'd like to be friends," he nods, sipping the cold brew as the two of you come to rest at a crosswalk, "You are sort of funny. Good with technology, too. You could be useful to keep around."

You're rolling your eyes before you can stop yourself.

"Well, Dr. Hart keeps telling me that my cat doesn't count as a friend, so seems like I'm also in the market for some. Lucky you."

"Lucky me," Bucky waves at a car that stops, letting them cross, with the practiced ease of someone born and raised in this city, "Cat?"

He's smiling into his drink when you perk up and yank your phone out before slipping past him when he holds the door to the lobby open for you.

"His legal name is Mister Poke Bowl, but you can call him Poke," you explain, lighting up the screen with a rather nice photo of a calico sunbathing and passing it his way, "So, yeah. Cat."

"... I like cats."

"Well, we're friends. So you'll have to meet him sometime."

You're both smiling when you enter the elevator, fifteen minutes early for your appointments. 

Bucky should probably tell you about the arm. Friends don't lie to friends, right?

"So you'd consider her a friend."

"...Is that a question, doc?"

"More of a conclusion," Dr. Raynor says, thumbing her pen as she crosses her legs and lets out a long exhale. She's watching him -- watching him like he watches other people. It makes Bucky itch. She continues, "One that's a bit surprising, if I'm being completely honest."

"What's so surprising about that?" Bucky retorts, hands clasped in front of him as he bounces his knee. His tone is dry. His eyes are tired.

"Let's be honest, James, you're shit at maintaining interpersonal relationships," Dr. Raynor leans forward, "You're aloof, bitter, and at times, ridiculously cold. You've got a track record of going off the grid and a big shadow that you walk in."

"Gee, thanks--"

"--I'm not done," she says flippantly, raising a finger, "I was going to say, despite all that, you've made a friend. Someone who you connect with. And that's a big step in the right direction, James."

Bucky is quiet. His eyes find the carpet and he traces the pattern. He does that when he thinks. When his brain decides to settle on the topic at hand -- a rare little moment of focus. Of acceptance. Because Raynor is right. Despite how much he hates it -- how much he hates that he isn't the man he used to be -- she knows him. She knows what makes him tick.

"You're going to have to tell her, you know."

He flinches.

She continues. "Because if you don't, she's going to never really know you. As much as you're not the man you used to be, that's still a part of your personal past. And c'mon, James, how long can you really go wearing that leather jacket? And the gloves? You look like a mob fixer."

"They're comfortable--"

"It's 65 degrees and sunny out--"

"Won't get a sunburn--"

"Try heatstroke."

There's quiet. Bucky bites the inside of his lip. Dr. Raynor crosses her arms as she cocks her head. Then she sighs.

"I know this isn't easy, James," her voice is slow and gentle -- gentler than usual, "That adjusting to this new life isn't easy. I know you want to run away from it some days, but... That arm is who you are. It's part of you. Literally and metaphorically. If you hide that from someone you care about, you're hiding a part of yourself."

"I'm not hiding anything."

"Really?"

"No," he scoffs, "No, no--"

"Does she have your phone number?"

He pauses. "...What?"

"Your phone number," Dr. Raynor narrows her eyes, "Does she have your phone number?"

"No," Bucky's eyes narrow. His tone was too defensive. Even he knew it.

She reads him in that second. "Gimme the phone."

For the second time that month, Bucky is sighing and digging that flip phone from his back pocket. He tugs it out of his black jeans and tosses it to Dr. Raynor. She catches it, flips it open. And stares.

"Oh, but you have hers. Which means either you're lying -- which wouldn't get you anywhere, you know that -- or you're putting distance between the two of you. Don't do that. It's not going to build a healthy relationship, James."

"What, so I just give her my phone number?" he asks, almost incredulous.

"Yes," Dr. Raynor nearly screams, waving her hands and looking to  the ceiling, "It's about trust, James."

"Well, I have a problem trusting people," he finally snaps with a dry tone, "Can you blame me, doc? Really? Geez, it's like I'm being nailed to the cross here. It's all a habit. I... I get nervous. Trusting people was... never something I had to do. It was all orders and brainwashing and fuckin' buffet dinners of IV bags I could never pronounce. When I got out --"

His voice gets high and tight. He sighs. Bucky pinches the bridge of his nose.

"I'm trying, doc."

"I never said you weren't," says Raynor after a minute of quiet, "So keep trying. And let yourself be uncomfortable."

He rubs his face. Dr. Raynor is standing now, and Bucky's eyes flick to the clock above her desk. His session is up.

As she stands, Dr. Raynor opens the door. "Think about telling her, James."

He nods.

"See you next week, doc."


You're laughing.



You're laughing and Mom is saying something to Jaimie in the backseat, something about a seatbelt, and you can see his eyes rolling in the rearview as he pretends to clip it over his waist, but it's Jaimie and Jaimie is tall and lanky like Dad was and he cracks a joke about how he barely fits in the old station wagon's backseat while his legs are bowed and suddenly Mom isn't there but the car is still moving, moving, moving, moving --


Stop.

Your eyes are open.

Outside, a car drives by and the headlights dance on the ceiling. The sheets are clinging to you, suffocating you, and you can feel the inevitable, slow crawl of panic winding its way up your chest, pricking the skin of your cheeks. You're hot but you're freezing and you try, Christ alive you try, to remember how to square breathe.

This goes on for a long time.

Long enough that, when your 9am appointment finally comes and goes, you're still in bed.

Finally, you're asleep -- after hours of pacing when panic reached its horrible crescendo, exhausting you-- when your phone rings.

It vibrates mercilessly against your nightstand and stokes a sudden, hot flare of anger in your chest.

You roll, eyes half-open and slam your hand down to catch the phone. You drag it close, squinting. Muscle memory has you wanting to silence the call and throw the phone down and away; sleep is calling and it's quiet there, an escape.

But the caller ID makes you pause.


UKNOWN NUMBER
Brooklyn, NY


Your phone unlocks with a click. You flop onto your back.

You worry your brow with your fingers. Your eyes are closed.

"Hello?"


"You missed your appointment. That's not very self-care of you, y'know."


You know that voice. With a quiet exhale, you blink into the morning sun pouring through the windows; the warm light is blurred by the curtains, and that happy, green monstera you've been nursing for months looks happy. You're jealous.

"I was sleeping, Bucky."


"What?" 


Swinging your legs over the edge of the bed, you're greeted by Poke -- he chirps as he pushes your bedroom door open and trots over. He's pushing his face against your legs as you stand.

"I had a long night."

There's a pause.

Outside Dr. Raynor's office downtown, Bucky's brows are knotted tight.


"The good sorta long night, or...?"


You scoff and move to scoop up Poke. He meows quietly, assuming his usually swaddled-baby position in your arms. The phone is tucked under your chin as you speak. "If you think I was out partying--"

"I dunno," Bucky mutters, rubbing the back of his neck as he looks up the street, "You're young."

"Why are you saying that like you're not, grandpa?" with a shake of your head, you bend and let Poke land gently on the kitchen floor, "Relax. I had a bad... dream, I guess."

Bucky makes a point of kicking the nearby parking meter with the toe of his boot as he listens and tries to ignore the itch of his anxiety. This is the first time in, what, four weeks he hasn't seen you? He feels like a fuckin' puppy dog. Separation anxiety. And as much as it makes him freeze up, Dr. Raynor made a real good point this week that you're slowly becoming a permanent fixture in his life, even if it's for the twenty, thirty minutes he sees you every week before therapy.

Hell, it's more than he sees anyone nowadays.

And he needs to trust you.

He needs to stop putting up walls.

Especially with Steve... Y'know. Dying.

But, he doesn't wanna think about that. No, he's busy trying to remedy this sudden change in the routine he'd gotten used to. Usually on Tuesday's he heads to the diner on 6th street in Brooklyn, just a jog from his apartment, and sits with coffee and a paper. Breaking that portion of his routine was destined to send him into a spiral and... he's been good these last few weeks. Not so on edge. Like he's finally starting to live again.

"Wanna talk about it?" he asks slowly, eyes squinting at the high rise behind him, "I gotta eat anyways."

On the other end of the phone, it's your turn to feel the edge of anxiety grace your heart. "What do you mean?"

At your feet, Poke meows. You blink, apologetically frowning as you lean to dump his breakfast into his bowl. Bucky must have heard the meow, or maybe the nervousness in your voice, because he lets out one of those little scoffs of amusement he does. You can see the corners of his eyes crinkling in your head.


"You ever been to Dolly's? On 6th and 14th?" 


A long time ago. Before the Snap. When... When things were different. But, you don't say that.

"I dunno, Bucky," you mumble, "I dunno if... If I can handle... that."


"That bad of a dream, huh?"


"It wasn't a dream," you say slowly, sagging a bit, "A memory. You know how it is."

Christ, does he. And he knows being alone with the echoes is worse than anything -- and sure, maybe Dr. Raynor has been telling him that for weeks but he didn't need her to say it to know.

"Well, get your shoes on. I'll meet you there. They have good pancakes."

"Bucky--"

"C'mon," he barks and you can hear the smile, "You know better than anyone that getting out will help."

You groan. He's right. He's usually right, and even when he is, he is so fuckin' stubborn that it doesn't really matter -- like two weeks ago when he's called your jeans pedal pushers and for twenty minutes you had to sit and listen to him go on and on about how 'capris' didn't make any sense. You didn't have the heart to tell him that they were neither, just mom jeans rolled up over the tops of your sneakers. You sat there, staring at the bonsai and snickered.

Bucky is weird.

And petty, and stubborn, and particular and a bit distant.

But, so are you.

Maybe that's why you both got along so well.

"Fine," you mutter, petting Poke, "But I'm paying."


"No--"


"Yep, okay, see you soon, bye--"


"Don't you hang up on me--"


You do, and that explains the rather sour look on his face when you spot him outside Dolly's. He stands out like a sore thumb; all broad and bulky and scowling. It's warming up, and spring is almost here, but his usual jet-black, leather jacket hangs heavy on his shoulders. The gloves stay, too.

You don't ask -- you won't. That's Bucky's cross to bear.

You don't want to be rude. Not to your new friend.

"You're not paying."

He mutters that lowly, nudging you with his shoulder when you follow him inside. Even with your face settled gently with a smile, he can see the pointed edge of anxiety flash in your eyes suddenly. It's busy in here -- nearly all the booths are taken, but there's one in the corner that he sees being bussed. It holds enough promise to quell your nervousness that he quickly flags down the waitress and points to the spot.

"Oh, hi there, stranger!"

Bucky offers the woman a smile you haven't seen before. It's nearly bashful.

"Hi, Frankie," he says warmly, "Mind if we grab this one?"

"Sure, sure," she chirps, waving her hand as she moves back behind the counter, "Want your usual?"

"Please," he smiles as he gestures for you to snag the booth side that faces the door -- and you squeeze his arm in quiet thanks, "You want coffee?"

"Just water, please."

When you finally settle in, you exhale.

Bucky, across from you, raises his brows.

"You okay?"

"You want me to be honest?"

"Always."

"This is, like, the first time I've gone somewhere to eat in maybe a year," you shrug, "So, a little rough. Sort of overwhelming. But, those pancakes that guy is eating at the counter do look good. So, worth it, I think."

Bucky leans back, crossing his arms. "Is it the people?"

"Always is."

It hasn't always been but -- things got worse after the Snap.

You fiddle with the menu while Bucky takes to eyeing the people in the diner. He goes quiet -- mostly because he's thinking -- but it's enough to stir you out of the omelets section with a blink. From behind the menu, you raise your chin. Your eyes come over the edge of the pink and white menu and you watch Bucky watch something else. Behind thick lashes, your gaze narrows.

Then you follow his eyes to the jukebox in the corner.

"...Go on, then, Elvis."

Bucky's head snaps to you. He's confused. His brows are all screwed up. "Who?"

"Elvis... Presley?" you shirk, squinting, "Y'know. Hound Dog? Jailhouse Rock?"

Bucky's mouth is open, head shaking.

"... Burning Love?"

More silence. Your eyes are wide with silent shock.

"Heartbreak Hotel?!"

"I have no idea what you're saying to me right now," he says with a deadpan look that pins you in your seat with a comical look of disbelief, "No idea. Why are... are all those names the same? They sound the same--"

"Are you being serious right now?"

"Completely," he nods, "Oh, wait -- is he the one with the, uh, the white suit..."

"With the tassels and the rhinestones, yes--"

"Oh," Bucky nods, waving you off as he turns his attention back to his own menu, "You're talking about that guy down in Times Square."

Your jaw is still hanging open, but now you're looking around the diner like you'll find a hidden camera -- and then, that guy from the What Would You Do If Your Friend Didn't Know Who Elvis Was would pop out.

"No, Bucky--" you're exasperated, "That's... That guy is impersonating Elvis."

"Why on Earth would he do that?"


"Oh my god--"


"Coffee! And water!" cuts in Frankie, unknowingly giving a moment of respite from the ridiculousness Bucky seems not to understand. She's an older waitress with red lips and a big ol' pile of curls atop her head, "And do we know what we want to eat?"


Thank God.


"Big Man Special for me, please," Bucky offers, folding up his menu and placing it back in it's slot by the salt and pepper. Again, unphased.

"Big Man Special for the big man," she cheeps with a flirty little swat of her pen, turning with a big, warm smile, "And for you, pretty?"

"Two chocolate chip pancakes, please," you say, ignoring your own Big Man Special joke that's just waiting to spring off your tongue, "And no onions in the home fries."

"Perfect! Be out in a minute for you two."

She disappears, and you squint at Bucky.

"You're weird, big man."

That makes Bucky laugh -- mostly because you're right, but also because being weird has come as second nature while relearning how to live. The truth of it is he's old now, and though he may not look it, he feels every bit like he should be playing bingo with the old vets down at the VFA. In the years he'd been on ice, pumped full of enough benzodiazepines and amphetamines to slow his heart just enough to keep him teetering between life and death, he'd missed a lot.

Like Elvis, apparently.

He knew about Bruce Springsteen -- Steve liked him. Bucky wonders if Elvis is on that list Steve gave him to catch up on. Must be. He'll have to check when he gets home. It was extensive. He's gotten through some of it. It's just... overwhelming. Nothing's the same anymore. And it terrifies Bucky.

"Yeah, well, I used to be cool. Dunno what happened."


Try a world war, HYDRA, and a vibranium arm, nerd. 


"Sorry for your loss," you chirp, "But, I'm finding that sort of hard to believe, y'know."

You're smirking. Bucky finds your eyes and his own smile is a hot flash of affection -- the sort he tamps down nice and quick because it scares him. He drums his knuckles against the table and leans back again.

"... You feelin' better?"

The jukebox begins playing a crooner's tune and you nod slowly. Your eyes move around the diner, and Bucky watches. There's a pull in the corner of your lips -- miniscule and oh so almost there -- when you speak. It's almost a whisper. You lean forward like you're telling a secret.

"I sort of forgot what it was like to feel like a real person," you pause, "So thank you."

"Stop it."

"I'm serious--"

"It's not even noon," he has his usual deadpan expression on, "You're not allowed to get sappy until noon. It's a rule."

"That's not a rule and I'm not being sappy--"

"Yeah, it's a new rule I just made, and you're going to make me get sappy so watch it."

You laugh out loud, then.

And Bucky's eyes crinkle, and you both sit in comfortable silence until the food comes.

You're matching his steps, hands up. Bucky is decidedly ignoring your theatrics, but you keep catching him sliding you a side-eye every time you throw them. He's tall and his strides are long and every few feet you have to hurry up to catch up.

Food was good -- very good. And worth it. And now, you feel normal. Not drowning in anxiousness. Maybe in need of a good nap, sure, but this feeling is foreign to you. Especially when Bucky laughs.

"What else haven't you heard of?" you cry, "First Elvis, now what? ABBA?"

He scoffs. "You seriously think I haven't heard of ABBA?"

You gawk and you swat at his shoulder. Ouch. Fuck, he's solid.

"Bucky, I don't even know what to fucking think anymore--"

"Fernando! That's a good song. I like that one. And," he pops both hands up, all while his face remains decidedly emotionless, while coming to a stop at the crosswalk. He snaps his fingers, "Uh, what's the one about money?"

"Money, Money, Money?" 

"Probably."

You snort out loud -- and Bucky grins up at the walk sign.

"Be honest," your banter feels like a game of tennis, "Are you from another planet?"

"Try another century."

He says it with a scary sort of seriousness that pricks a sudden feeling of suspicion. It's one that hadn't been there before -- but now the compounding conversations make more sense. And in this new age, anything is possible. Bucky must have seen the paranoia flash onto your face like a lightning strike because he's quick to nudge you with his good arm.

"Relax. S'a joke. Sort of."


"... Sort of?"


"Yeah, well, maybe I'll tell you about it if you don't bail on therapy next week."

You shoot him a look, nearing the steps of your apartment. "Are you preaching to me about perfect attendance?"

"Hey, I'm on court order now -- I can't skip."

You whirl around. "What?!"

But Bucky's already moving down the street, grinning ear to ear with a mischievous look that has you wondering if he's even being serious -- he backpedals, foot traffic moving around him like salmon swimming upstream.

"Don't worry about it, Hound Dog," he shouts, "See you next week."

"Did you just call me Hound Dog?" you holler back.

Bucky just laughs.

"Someone's in a good mood."

You scoff, tossing your wet socks from one hand to the other before lobbing the pair into the dryer. You turn and serve the older woman leaning against the adjacent washer a look -- but, it's ferocity is tainted with the ghostly slip of a smile.

Bonnie McLayne, or as she insists to be called: Miss Bonnie, musters up a bellow of a laugh. The sound is crisp and cracks like an autumn leaf, no doubt from years of Marlboros and cheap whiskey. Her spindly fingers make work on her own basket of dried laundry. Her long skirt touches the unfinished floor and her jewelry tinkers like bells as she bends and sways and smiles.

"Little bit of Vitamin D?" comes the next question, sunnied by her lipstick-painted smile.

She's the sort of woman that has remained forever radiant, even after years of youth-inspired wildness. She's a child of free love, of peace, of a whole life spent in this very Brooklyn apartment. She's got long, long hair that's greying; it's auburn color melting through the messy tendrils that hang from her usual bun.

Miss Bonnie is nice.

When the Snap happened, you had Poke. And you had Miss Bonnie.

"Stop it," you say quietly, shaking your head as you clear the lint filter. You're almost smiling.

"I was talking about the sun, y'know. It's almost spring, after all," she cheeps, dropping both hands to her waist, "But that cheeky little reply told me everything I needed to know."

"I am not --"

"What's his name? Her name?"

You just shake your head and give her a breathy laugh in response. "Miss Bonnie..."

"Fine! Fine! You're right. None a' my business..." she cries with a wave before dropping her tone and leaning forward to waggle her brows, "A friend?"

"A friend," you reply sternly, shaking out an old sundress you'd pulled from your closet, "And that's all it is."

"Hey, kid," she swats the air as her voice grows tender and level, "A friend is big for you. I'm glad. That's nice."

Your movements slow. You pause, eyeing the fabric of the dress in your hands -- and you try to remember the last time you wore it. You find, rather immediately, that you can't. There's a sharp flare of fear that it won't fit you. You ignore it.

"Thanks, Miss Bonnie."

She's passing you with a gentle touch of her long, delicate fingers. Bonnie touches your shoulder, pushes her glasses up her nose, and disappears up the stairs.

It's quiet. The only sound is the dryer.

You dig your phone from your pocket.

You type out a text to the number that called you earlier this morning.


if you're some sort of superhero i'll be pissed.


You learn about Bucky's past. He learns about yours.






"You know I have to ask these questions. It's part of the check-in."


"Yeah," you fire back, flat enough to warrant Dr. Hart's scowl to grow. You can't see it over the phone, but you know the way her words whip around you means she's upset, "I know."

"If you're not following the action plan set out by the judge," she begins, leaning forward as her tone drops into a scalding hot sort of seriousness on the other end, "You will go to prison. You know this. So, do you want to spend ten years of your life behind bars? Are you trying to get yourself locked up? Come on."

You can't look up from your computer's screen. Or maybe you can, but right now, there's a dangerous mixture of anger and guilt and frustration boiling under your skin.

"I'm trying."

"Trying isn't good enough for the GRC," Dr. Hart snaps, "You know this. They're giving you a chance -- they know you're talented. You have the ability here to go straight, to earn a living, to finally make up for those years of blackhat work."

"Everything I did," you fire back, ripping your eyes up to meet Dr. Hart's, "Was for others. I didn't get a fucking penny."

"You're not Robin Hood," she shakes her head as her tone softens, "We all make mistakes. But, everything has a consequence. You know this. And this conversation isn't even considering the other charges."

"You know the extortion case would never hold up in court."

Dr. Hart sighs raggedly. "And I don't intend on ever seeing it play out in court, because you're going to follow the conditions of your pardon."

"The GRC is a bunch of fascists--"

"Enough," she snaps, "If you want to go and appeal your case with the judge, be my guest, but I can almost guarantee you'll be perp-walked out of that Federal courtroom in cuffs."

She's right.

Dr. Hart is right.

Your knee is bouncing, up and down and up and down. You're wound up around yourself, arms crossed tight, brows knotted. With a shaky exhale, you just nod. You breathe, and you remind yourself that she's right. She's right, she's right, she's right. It's not worth it. Dipping yourself back into that world, the layer of the web beneath the surface, isn't worth it.

The GRC is your way out.

Just be a good little girl and do as you're told.

"So, I'm going to ask you again," Dr. Hart begins, pen clicking alive on the other end of the phone call, "...Have you engaged in any illegal activities online in the last seven days?"

Inessa Sidrova's photo stares up at him from its place on the speckled marble counter, stacked neatly next to his notebook where her name is scrawled in chicken scratch -- between two other names: Zemo and Henrikson.

His laptop, technically on loan from the FBI, sits beside both.

(When Barnes had agreed in that closed doors meeting to the conditions of his pardon, a certain FBI agent by the name of Jimmy Woo had been rather insistent that Barnes needed a personal computer in order to carry out his portion of the conditions insofar as tracking down the remaining HYDRA pawns in the States. Woo had also insisted, to the agreement of Dr. Raynor, that a personal computer would help better acclimate Barnes to the new world he'd been dropped into.

Woo was even nice enough to take an hour of his own time to show Bucky enough to get started -- but was whisked away for some investigation out in New Jersey.)

Bucky rubs the cold vibranium of his left palm into his eye, then exhales long and slow.

He's done all he can. And still, no leads on the woman.

Rounding the kitchen island, he digs his cell from his pocket. He goes back to staring at that text -- the one he'd laughed out loud at the moment it lit up his phone -- and he can feel that ol' bite of anxiousness creep into his arms. His fingertips tingle.

On the television, a laugh track plays over a clip of The Three Stooges. Blue eyes flick upward, and he partially wishes a ladder would put him out of his own self-induced misery.

Outside, the antics of a Saturday night in Brooklyn roll on.

In the last few days he's parsed through his thoughts enough to realize it's not telling you that scares him -- no, it's telling you the truth. The whole truth. All of it. After all, the good comes with a lot of bad; the sort of bad you chain in a chest and sink in the ocean. And Bucky finds that, even still, the good is questionable at best. The good is... small. Microscopic. Completely and totally tainted by the fuckin' decades of brainwashed, war dog bullshit.

He groans and drops his head back against the wall.

He tries, for the next twenty minutes, to formulate some sort of reply to your text message. But, half the battle is figuring out what to say, and the other half is actually typing it out. This whole flip phone purchase was really starting to sting like regret -- and as much as Bucky loved technology back before the war, and all the magical possibilities it held, he can't help but feel like an ornery old man now.

It's the change. Steve was right. Too much change.

He can't find the space button and he can't figure out how to delete the random 3 he'd accidentally punched in -- so, with a grumpy huff of disapproval, Bucky simply dials your number.

You pick up on the third ring.

"Don't you know it's Saturday?" your voice is a welcomed sound, "The History Channel is running a bunch of old war documentaries you might enjoy, grandpa."

Bucky snorts, fiddling with the hem of his hoodie. "What makes you think I'd wanna watch that shit?"

"Everyone knows that old men like two things," your voice is light, half-distracted from the sounds of it, "World War Two, or grilling. And honestly, you don't strike me as the grilling type."

"I like a good burger."

"Yeah?" you snort, and Bucky can hear you shift your phone from one ear to the other, "Is that why you called? To hint at being hungry?"

"No," he exhales, looking out the window, "No, I was trying to reply to your text but I can't find the fuckin' space button. Calling is easier."


"Oh my god--"


"Shut up," he barks with a laugh, sitting up, "Don't even start -- are you hungry?"


"Almost always, why?"


"Got any plans tonight?"


"... You do know who you're asking, right?"


Bucky grins, a little boyish and a little tired. "Good point. Loser."

"Oh, shut up. You're the one calling me to hangout," you snort, leaning to prop your feet up on your desk and lean back. Your chair wheels backward, far enough for you to get a good look down the street. It's a nice night, cool enough, and it seems like the whole borough is awake, "But, I'm only hanging out if you tell me what the fuck is up with court-mandated therapy. I can't wait another three days."

Your anxiety has been pricked the last few days over it.

"... Do I get to pick the place?"

You roll your eyes. "Fine."

"Great," he exhales tightly, "I hope you're in the mood for sushi."

Izzy's is busy, but there's privacy in the bustle.

Bucky had buzzed your apartment's ringer and you'd flown down the stairs, looking... alive. The sort of alive that was new -- like a fresh bud beginning to bloom in spring. It had made him grin, and he'd watched you push a tress of hair behind your ear as you decided it was warm enough for no jacket tonight. The light of the crosswalk sign lit you up like a star.

He was sweating.

Dr. Raynor was right -- that was it, of course it was -- that it was getting too warm for his usual outfit. So, he'd settled on the next best thing: a sweatshirt that was big enough and black enough that he could bury himself in it. His hands are tucked neatly into the pockets.

No gloves tonight.

He feels naked.

He shoulders the door and holds it open with the toe of his boot as you duck towards the back of the restaurant. There's a booth in the back by a large bamboo plant -- you weave through the place with a new found confidence. There's anxiousness in your shoulders but it melts when you look back at Bucky. Like a watchful guard dog, he nods.

You settle into the booth, toss your jacket in the corner, and smirk.

"I get out sometimes," Bucky remarks before you can even say anything. He shifts in the booth and reaches up to scratch his cheek with his right hand, "Not often, but I do."

"I didn't say anything..."

"You were going to," he nearly smirks back, his brows raised as he adjusts the chopsticks on the table, "I know that look."

You snort, nudging his boot under the table. That works a huffed little laugh out the man across from you. Almost immediately you can sense anxiousness rolling off him -- it's the tightness in his mouth that gives him away, the way he's fussing with the soy sauce dish and trying to get it to line up perfectly with the marbling on the table. Worry flashes in your eyes.

"Bucky."

He raises his head.

"You alright?" you ask quietly.

"You have to promise not to flip out."

Your brows knot tightly -- but before you can even question what the fuck he means, he's casually dropping his other hand onto the table.

And you almost don't notice at first. Your brain fills the gaps in, figuring it's his glove. But, then you blink and his hand catches the light and you realize it's not leather. It's glittering obsidian, garnished with gold, and it's moving. Flexing. Seams bending and warping and there's a gentle hum coming from the appendages and you squint because he's tapping his fingers on the table and there's a metallic tik-tik-tik that meets your ears.

Then, your eyes jump to his face.

He looks pained.

You're confused.

And then you're not.


"You're --"


You slap a hand over your own mouth. You have to promise not to flip out. Your eyes are eighty miles wide and your jaw is falling open and you're leaning forward, whispering in a rushed tone because what the fuck.

"You're that Bucky?!"

Oh, you feel stupid.

The hostess appears, suddenly. You snap backward in the booth, Bucky tucks his hand away, and you both muster forced smiles to the waitress. She's young. Pretty. Her name-tag says Sarah.

She asks about drinks.

Bucky gets a beer.

Slowly, you knock your knuckles against the table and drop your head into your hand. The look on your face is exhausted. "Do you guys have Mai Tais?"

The answer is yes. And you're glad. Because you're going to fucking need it.

The two of you are quiet until the drinks come -- avoiding one another's gazes for completely different reasons. Bucky is sheepish, a bit mortified, like he always is when people recognize him. It's why he shaved his fuckin' head. It worked well enough but... the arm was usually a dead giveaway.

Meanwhile, you're wondering if you could shave your own head and disappear. Because there's no easy way to explain the weird elation swirling in your chest right now.

Bucky's first to speak. His beer is in his good hand. He inhales quickly, eyes darting to you as he leans forward and whispers incredulously. He speaks quickly and his words are pointed with an edge of curiosity.

"...What do you mean 'that Bucky'?"

"Y'know, I knew there was a reason you acted like you needed a senior citizen discount. And you know exactly what I mean," you rush out all while waving your Mai Tai and jabbing the side with the umbrella towards him, "Listen, this is a lot to take in, Mr. Avenger."

"I am not an Avenger--"

"You helped reverse the Snap. You're the Winter Soldier. That makes you an Avenger--"

Bucky's shaking his head, eyes screwed shut tightly because the sudden equation to his past self being considered a hero is like being socked in the mouth. He stutters over his words and shakes his head more vigorously, like he's trying not to hear what you're saying.

"I am not the Winter Soldier. Not anymore. And it's not like I'm not on the fuckin' roster, doll--"

You hold a finger up, stopping him there, and take a long sip of your sunset-colored drink. You swallow. You exhale. Bucky swigs his beer.

"One, don't call me doll," you say curtly, then raise a second finger. You lean in and squint, "Two... Christ, the haircut really makes a big difference, doesn't it?"

"That's what everyone keeps saying," he sighs raggedly, dismissing your scrutiny.

You puff your cheeks out and exhale. Leaning back in the booth, you try not to feel so fucking insane.

"...I can never have you over now."

Bucky's brows narrow quickly and his eyes snap to yours. "What?"

"I can't have you over," you explain slower with your eyes rooted to the soy sauce in the corner, "Because I don't think I could ever handle you seeing my signed and framed Captain America poster from his USO tour in 1943."

Bucky's face is deadpan. "You're kidding."

"I really wish I was," you gripe, "It's an original."

"...You're a Cap girl," he says suddenly, leaning back with this look in his eye. It's less of a question. You can't pin it down. It looks like he's damn near traumatized.

Bucky thinks -- honestly -- that this is the cherry on top. Every girl back then was a Cap girl, too. It figures, now, in this new century where he's making new friends that... as per usual, Steve gets the cake. That fuckin' pint sized bastard.

He'll have to tell him about this.

You yank your eyes up to Bucky's face. His mortification is shifting to surprise to amusement. You're fast to sit up, mouth opening to fire a retort -- but Bucky's suddenly really enjoying the look of pure horror on your face at the insinuation. He's smirking. Plain as day. He swigs his beer.

"No, no--" you raise a finger, "No, stop it. Don't make it fuckin' weird, Bucky, it's not like I have his name tattooed on my ass. And I knew a girl in college who did."

His brows rise sharply and you're finding you're regretting everything that's coming out of your mouth.

"Stop looking at me like that," you guffaw, gesturing for him to show you his hand again, "I wanna see."

Bucky sighs and plucks his hand from his hoodie pocket.

With a sort of tenderness Bucky wasn't prepared to handle, you take his metallic hand into your own. There's an immediate twinge -- one that's procured by flashes of violence from years of being a walking weapon. He breathes, and he reminds himself that this arm is not the same that tethered him to HYDRA all those years ago.

This arm is his, it is not him.

The sensation is different. He isn't used to anyone touching him like this; he's used to the feeling of flesh on the other end of a punch, or a throat caught in his palm. Not the gentle pass of your fingers, delicate and purposeful, over his knuckles.

You turn over his hand, eyes alight with curiosity -- and Bucky, desperate to stamp out the hotness growing in his gut, moves quickly to flick your nose.


"Ow--"


"Don't stare," he says coyly, "It's rude."

The waitress is back. His hand is tucked away, and you wrestle the stupid expression off your face long enough to order a plate of assorted maki rolls and some fried tofu. Bucky orders what seems like his usual -- shrimp tempura and spicy tuna rolls.

The waitress, Sarah, disappears with a smile.

You're grinning.

"So... Does this make me the sidekick?" you whisper playfully.

"Shut up," Bucky laughs, his lips almost darting into a smile.

You cock your head, pushing your chopsticks across the table with a horribly coy look on your face. It's comical. "...I think this makes me the sidekick."

"It -- stop it -- it does not make you the sidekick," Bucky says slowly as he sips his beer and pins you in the booth across from him, "I'm not a hero. You'd have better luck asking Cap on that one."

You grow silent. There's a question hanging on your tongue. You're wrestling with yourself -- Bucky can see that much. He frowns.

"Spit it out, Goose."

You blink. "Was that a Top Gun reference?"

"You wanted to be the sidekick."

You wave it off, blinking into your Mai Tai. Your voice is quiet. Even as you speak, there's a hesitancy akin to walking on eggshells. "What happened to Cap? Is he... alive? He's gone off the grid. It's, like, this massive conspiracy theory online."

"He's upstate."

You blink.

"That's ominous."

Bucky shrugs. "Someday I'll take you. It's... nice."

You go quiet. You freeze, drink halfway to your mouth. Bucky can't help but smirk at that. His laugh is more of a scoff than anything.

"Relax, Miss America."

"Shut up -- do you mean that?"

"What, that I think you're in love with Captain America?"

"No, you bastard, that you'll take me. To meet him."

Bucky's words are easy. They roll off his tongue without a second thought. He feels... okay. Like this part is okay. Not as bad as he thought it could be. His anxiousness isn't as heavy now. He feels like he isn't losing you. But then again, he hasn't gotten to the bad part yet.

"He's my best friend," Bucky explains plainly, "And so are you."

The admission is warm. As easy as breathing. Two months in the making.

"Your only friend," you say quietly, offering the joke as a cover for the softening tone that dances over your words. It's affection, you realize, as you mimic his shrug, "But, go on."

"Thanks for the reminder," Bucky chirps, "But, yea, I mean it. He'd like you."

You raise your chin, wiggling a bit in the booth. It's pride -- and as much as Bucky likes the look of it, he can't handle the ridiculousness that comes along with it. But, it's sort of comforting. He knows this playfulness, this easiness, it's all because he's him. You trust him. In.a way, it strikes Bucky with guilt. There are walls of his still built up high. Maybe they're slowly coming down, but... he's like a stray dog, slow to trust.

"Safe to say," you breathe, "I have a few questions."

"I figured as much."

You sip your drink and swallow. You raise a hand. "But -- I wanna know the boundaries. I don't want to... I don't want to pry about shit I have no business knowing, alright? It's your life and even if we are friends, I don't need to know everything."

The relief is almost immediate. He thumbs the label of his beer.

"Ask anything. But I can't promise I'll be able to give you the answers."

"And I'll leave it at that," you say sternly, propping your elbow up on the table and offering your pinky finger, "Until you want to talk about it. Promise."

He crooks his pinky in yours, squeezing gently. You smile.

Sarah comes back with the food, and then Bucky offers his usual half-exhausted, half-amused smirk.

"You get three questions now. Then, we shut up and eat."

You fold your hands neatly over themselves, eyeing your food as you try your best to sort out what questions come up with the most urgency. There's... a lot. I mean, everyone knew about the Avengers -- and everyone had their opinions. The Sokovia Accords, Lagos, the Blip... and SHIELD. Years of bullshit culminating around those who were considered the heroes. The kickback usually ended up on everyday citizens like you. After the initial amazement, the reality of it all set in.

But, to Bucky's point, he wasn't really an Avenger.

Nowadays, there really wasn't a team at all. No up-state compound, no leader, no Stark and no Rogers.

You're sure the GRC will try -- that the military will try. Morale and hope and blah, blah, blah. 

You narrow your eyes. "How old are you?"

It's quick. "One hundred and six."

"How'd they keep you alive that long?"

There's a wince that flashes across his face like he's been stabbed with a white-hot poker in the ribs. You see a twitch of irritation bubble across his lips. Not with you. No, it's that this question is still hard for him to answer. Bucky exhales sharply.

"Next question."

You feel a pang of guilt flare in your chest. You move along.

"Who kept you alive that long?"

"The Russians. HYDRA, if you wanna get specific."

You exhale and settle on the fact you now have more questions than answers. But, you nod and snatch up your chopsticks. Enough of the twenty questions game.

In all honesty, it's not like Bucky's existence was common knowledge. The Winter Soldier was known mostly, sure, to those who had floated in the same circles as him when he was nothing but a rabid cur on a choke chain. He can't help but be a bit thankful for the minor erasure of his new self -- sure, in the eyes of the U.S. government he was a high-level threat to be reintegrated as soon as possible and surveyed at all times. But, to the average New Yorker, he was just another person. Everyone was so used to seeing the heroes in their costumes with their bigger than life personas and...

Bucky was just Bucky.

Even he didn't really know who that was. He was starting to.

His pardon had come with some flak from some of the more political news outlets but... somehow, the details of the Winter Soldier's exact crimes were being kept silent. Probably to avoid panic. And, even then, the connection between the newly alive James Buchanan Barnes and The Winter Soldier hadn't been made yet in the public eye. He was glad.

The haircut definitely helped.

It's like he was a walking classified redaction.

Bucky has a sushi roll in his mouth when he finally speaks. "For such a Captain American fan, I'm surprised you didn't recognize me."

"Oh, you're really not gonna let that go, huh?" you say as you chew, covering your mouth. You swallow and waggle your chopsticks at him, "Listen, it's been a while since I've... y'know, had my Avengersphase. That was years ago. It was at its peak when I worked for SHIELD. And besides, you're kinda new to the whole superhero scene."

Bucky frowns. "You worked for SHIELD...?"

"For a year," you say tightly, "Back before the collapse."

"Only a year?"

"It was for my graduate program," you wave it off, "I won out on the most competitive internship NYU had to offer. I was working within their cybersecurity division. I will say I spent more time trying to sort of email phishing scams than anything else, though. I'm sure they saw my record and wanted to keep me away from the juicy stuff."

Bucky squints.

You offer a sheepish shrug.

"I got into trouble when I was younger," you sip your drink and sigh, "I always liked computers. I used to spend all my time on forum sites just... reading and talking to people and figuring out how these sites actually worked, so learning how to write my own code was just the next step. When I was fifteen, I learned how to tap phones. At sixteen, I was hijacking my neighbor's internet connections and remotely controlling his laptop."

"Sounds like a good time."

"Yea, well, he was a sitting Senator who was having an affair with the nanny," you mutter, "And I was stupid enough to try and blackmail him for cash. I wish I could say I learned my lesson."

Bucky exhales long and hard at that, like he knows where that snap of misguided judgment goes. It's not like he's passing judgment onto you, but... like he knows the feeling. And you manage to not feel so small, then -- telling him this is easy. It's not your favorite part of your life by any means, but Bucky is listening. Really listening.

He fiddles with the paper wrapper of the chopsticks.

"So, less a Goose and more a Kevin Poulsen type, huh?"

You snort. "For an old man, I'm surprised you know who that is. But, I wasn't hacking into the Pentagon at seventeen. I was too busy doing community service."

"HYDRA had their eyes on him in the 90s," Bucky mumbles through a bite of spicy tuna, the memory popping into his mind and flying out before he can stop it, "I remember... I thought his username was stupid."

"Oh, you didn't like Dark Dante?"

"Like I said," Bucky chortles, "Stupid."

"You wouldn't have liked mine, then," you smirk lightly, "It's worse."

Bucky raises his brows, somehow doubting that entirely. "Really?"

"...I was hackrabb1t for a long time. Y'know, with a 'one' for the 'i'," you cringe, "People kept thinking I was a furry."

There's a pause. Bucky's face is set in an unreadable emotion. It's confusion mixed with amusement mixed with... something else. When he speaks, he clears his throat and tilts his head.

"It's clever. But," a pause, "What is a furry? I've been seeing that word all over PlentyOfFish."

Your jaw flies open. You raise your hands as your head reels around. Bucky has a look on his face like he knows, he knows he shouldn't have asked and he definitely shouldn't have given you enough context to know where he's seen that phrase before, because now you're looking at him like he has seventeen heads and they're all on fire.

"Y'know what, nevermind--"

"--Oh, no, no, there's way too much to unpack here," you lean forward, "You're on PlentyOfFish?"

"ChristianMingle wasn't really my speed -- stop laughing."

"Shut up -- stop it, stop -- this is too much," you say with a high voice, "If you get catfished, I'm not helping you track the person down..."

"--What the hell is a catfish?" he nearly cries, raising both hands in a desperate shrug, "I don't even know what any of these words mean."

"Oh, you sweet, naive, innocent, man--"

"No, no, no, no," he chirps, raising a finger with a deadly look of seriousness on his face, "No, I am not naive or sweet or any of the above. I'll take 'cute', sure, but none a' those."

"Is that what the furries call you on PlentyOfFish? Cute?"

He drops his head back against the booth and stares at the ceiling.

"Our friendship was a mistake, rabbit."

You choke out a laugh. "Shut up, you walking claw machine."

You're both laughing now -- quieter but sustained and every time you think you've calmed down enough to sip your Mai Tai, you just have to look at the distraught, scruffy man across from you to break into another fit of muffled laughter. Finally, after what feels like forever, you both manage to calm down enough to finish the plates in front of you.

There's a warmth that's settled in Bucky's chest -- it's eaten away at the usual jitter in his legs, the anxious twitch of his fingers. It's a different emotion. Acceptance, maybe. Comfort. Affection.  

Then, while you're piling the last bit of sushi rice into your mouth when your phone, set on the side of the table, begins to go off. It hums erratically, dancing in a circle, and all you do is stare at the name flashing across the screen. You're smiling, hugging her. It's from Jaimie's wedding -- out in some big, wide-open orchard with the sun setting behind you. The picture there is old; you were both different people then.

Before... everything.


MOM Morristown, NJ


You scowl and stare.

Bucky blinks.

"You gonna get that?"

Quickly, you snap out of it. You reach and silence the buzzing with two quick taps. Quietly, you offer up a somber sigh.

"I never do."

Bucky frowns again, this time with a worried look that digs deep into his eyebrows. You ignore it on purpose, pushing your plate away and leaning back in the booth. He knows what you're doing -- you're avoiding his gaze, and therefore his own questions.

"Rabbit."

"Oh, is that my new nickname, then?"

"It fits," he chirps before crossing his arms, strategically hiding his metallic hand, "What's up?"

You grow quiet -- then it spills out.

"I can't talk to her."

"Why?"

You chew your lip. You bite your tongue and you hold back on the finer points of your anger -- ones dredged up by the still present sting of your check-in with Dr. Hart this afternoon.

Here it comes.

"As a part of my pardon, I was ordered no-contact with my family," you exhale, controlling the level of your voice, reciting the court papers you'd read over and over and over, "It was deemed that further contact would impact my progress towards reformed behavior and judgment."

Bucky's eyes are wide. His jaw is tight.

"What the fuck do you mean 'pardon'?"

It's your turn to cross your arms now, to ignore the sting of his look. It's the kind that screams disappointment more than anything. You hate that you're getting it from Bucky of all people.

"Like I said, I didn't learn my lesson when I was a kid," you shirk, "Last year I was arrested on a number of counts -- I'd been evading the FBI, CIA, all of them, for years. I was doing it all for people like me. The ones who got left behind."

Bucky's tone is flat. It's serious. His next sentence is less of a question, more of an order. The cadence is rhythmic and it reminds you of your brother the night he found out about the first time you'd been arrested; you decide, then, that Jaimie and Bucky would have gotten along.

"What did you do?"

"Whatever I could," you wave your hands, "Identity theft, falsified documents, insurance fraud. Anything. There were people, like me, that in a blink, lost everything. Accidents, deaths, evictions and no one did anything for us. The insurance agencies wouldn't cover damages related to The Snap. Life insurance policies, social security... It all got snatched up by people at the top while the system collapsed around us. I had to pay for my brother's funeral out of pocket. And there were hundreds of thousands of people just like me, just trying to get by. And everything failed us."

Bucky is stuck in silence. It's like mud, dragging him to the bottom of a pond -- the sort that's dredged with misery. In an instant, his veins are on fire with an anger he hadn't felt in a while. It manifests itself in the tightening of his jaw. He rubs his face and props his elbows up on the table.

"Why won't they let you see your family?"

You fiddle with your napkin.

"My brother... His wife was on maternity leave when she disappeared in the Blip," you mutter, "She came back to no job, a dead husband, and no home. Their apartment complex had been abandoned. She's trying her best to make ends meet. She lives with my Mom in our old home. Neither of them can find work. They... The court thought that I'd be influenced to do something if I was around them."

"What, like help?"

"They see me as a criminal," you manage, "But I'm useful, so they're keeping me around."

Silence falls between the two of you once more -- and the sad look on your face makes Bucky's chest tight. He can see anxiety beginning to spill over; you're wringing the napkin, fiddling with the edges. Suddenly, Bucky realizes you're feeling exactly how he was an hour or so ago.

Your voice is soft. "I'm sorry. I was going to tell you."

"Looks like we're two birds of a feather," he says, knocking the toe of your sneaker with his boot, "Listen, we all do stupid shit. I've got a lot worse weighing me down. I get it."

You look up, sadness glistening in your expression like sun off a lake. It's harsh. He wants to look away.

He doesn't.

"... So, that means you're good with computers?"

That's how you find yourself in Bucky's Brooklyn apartment at almost midnight, wandering behind him in the long halls and watching curiously as he digs his key from his pocket and shoulders the door open.

It's a small apartment. One bed, one bath, a kitchenette and that's really it.

For its size, it's hardly lived in.

You suppose it makes sense -- Bucky didn't have a lot of personal belongings, and with the hints he'd dropped about his life before The Blip, you were beginning to understand that he may have never really had that much to begin with.

There's a blanket on the floor by the television and a single couch pillow. It's tucked in the corner, behind a small sofa. There's a chair in the living room, one from an old dining set. At the kitchen counter, there's a stack of papers and a single laptop. Even though all the kitchen's wares are older models, the bones of the apartment are good. Bare, but good.

You stop in the doorway to the bedroom and stare at the untouched bed. The sheets are tucked tightly in the corners -- there's something militaristic about it. Across the hall is the bathroom. It's small. You can see a few amenities scattered across the sink's top.

Being in here feels something like an open wound.

It was lonely. Quiet. Cold.

"We need to make a trip to HomeGoods," you mumble as Bucky flicks on the lights, "I get the whole minimalist thing, but sheesh."

"I don't have a lot," he says, kicking off his boots by the door and shrugging off his jacket, "And I don't need a lot either."

You watch as his shoulders sag a bit, like he can finally let down his guard just a little in his own space. It's endearing. You perch yourself up on the kitchen counter as your eyes follow him; he moves to fling open a cabinet and grabs a mug. Then, he hesitates.

"You want tea?" he asks over his shoulder.

"Tea?"

"Dr. Raynor said," Bucky reaches for a container of tea bags from the top shelf. His henley lifts enough to flash a bit of skin along his lower back and you swear you see a scar, "It would help with my anxiety."

You swing your legs a little. "Then sure."

"You can use my Captain America mug," he chirps, laughing a little to himself, "Seeing as you're such a big fan..."

"God, I regret even saying anything to you," you spit as you hop down and lean around him to get a look at the mug, "Did you seriously buy that?"

"It was a gift."

"Bullshit."

Bucky snorts as you shake your head and wander backward, eyeing the rest of his apartment with a bit of astonishment. It's really nothing impressive -- but, you suppose it makes sense. Whatever meager disbursement that the government was willing to give Bucky for his efforts in fixing the Snap was better than nothing.

Your gaze hangs on the blanket in the corner.

He watches you, and he notes the sore sadness that dissolves your posture at the sight of the nest in the corner. A bit of shame colors his cheeks as he heats up the water. When Bucky speaks, it's slow.

"The bed was too soft. I couldn't sleep on it," he shifts from foot to foot and focuses on taking the tea bags out and methodically wrapping the strings around the handles, "Dr. Raynor said that's a typical thing for soldiers to experience when they come home from war."

You're quiet for a while after that, only speaking when he rounds the counter with your tea. He offers it up with a tilt of the head.

"You never got to come home, though, right?"

"No," comes the short reply as you both watch the lights outside the window, "No, I didn't. Not until now."

You nudge his arm with yours. You lean a bit. Bucky leans back.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be," he manages after a sigh and sip of the tea, "I can't just feel sorry for myself anymore. I'm trying to fix the wrongs I did -- and that's why I need your help."

You quirk a brow. He reaches around you and grabs the stack of papers on the counter. With a steady grip, Bucky presents the photo of a woman who looks strikingly familiar. You can't place her face, but there's something about her that feels like a slap across the cheek. She's young here, in a faded photo with tattered edges. Beside her is a man who is laughing. The photo is candid, and they're both beautiful. They're both wearing a uniform -- but you can't place the era or location.

You turn to Bucky for answers.

"Back in the 70s, at the height of the Cold War, HYDRA was working in tandem with the Russians to spy on American forces," he offers easily, staring out the window, "The American HYDRA cell hadn't yet been planted. This man, Andrei Kuznetzov, was a spy. He was feeding the Americans information on the Russian nuclear program. His wife, the one in the photo, was ordered to kill him. She refused."

Bucky's fingers twitch.

His words are soaked through with pain.

"I," he continues, "killed him."

You hold your breath. Then you spare him a mournful look.

"Inessa Sidrova went on to help form the same HYDRA cell that ended up taking over SHIELD here in America," Bucky mumbles, "She's dangerous. There are others like her, ones who I helped create, all over the world. But, she's my top priority. I just haven't had much luck tracking her down."

"That's why you need my help."

"I'm 106 years old," Bucky deadpans, "The microfiches at the library were getting a little tedious."

"But," you chirp with a sly smirk, "You figured out how to set up a PlentyOfFish account?"

He shoulders you again as you sip your tea and laugh.

"Shoulda never said anything," Bucky grumbles, "Dr. Raynor thought it was a good idea. Y'know, to get back out in the world."

"I can promise you," you say with a stern shake of the head, "The metal arm will get you plenty of chicks and dudes in due time."

"Good to know," Bucky replies as his words lilt with a playful sort of questioning that you purposefully ignore. You're not feeding his ego today. Maybe tomorrow, after you take a crack at figuring out where this woman is.

It's going to be a long night.

You meet Steve Rogers, and Bucky Barnes goes on a date.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


MOSCOW, 1975.



In all the years that James Buchanan Barnes has had a heartbeat, he'd come to know the sounds of grief well.

War taught him a lot of things -- that they were all just little boys playing with guns, and that no matter how many times you thought you'd be ready for the vomit-inducing pungency of violence, you never were. In the end, you'd do anything to save yourself; you'd crawl through the thick of death and debris a million times over if only to cling to the shredded tatters of your own humanity.

You would kill someone else's son for the sake of your own mother.

War was disease that devoured every part of you -- it was gunpowder snuff and carved flesh. That sickness -- inky and desperate -- had sunk deep into this heart during the war, and it crescendoed to the sounds of mothers clutching dead sons. The sounds that followed death were like a hollow opera. Waning and wailing.

In the raucous wake left by warborn grief, Bucky drowned every time.

To the Winter Soldier, the operatic quality to the sounds of grief were as insignificant as a child's rhyme.

He did not drown. No, he waded through the waves, comfortable in the cold and unphased by the stinging cut of loss. That was not something he could comprehend. After all, there were orders and there were targets, and everything in between was absolute.

He was the disease that devoured all.

He's holding a gun to Andrei Kuznetzov's head in a dining room with ornate trim -- with silverware as delicate as scalpels that tinker against fine china. The carpets are red, the curtains are red, there's blood on the table cloth. The guests continue to eat. Kuznetzov's wife is screaming, red nails dug so deep into the dining chair's arms it's carving out the fabric. War dogs, like him, keep her rooted in her seat, and her tears find polished boots. She's begging and bartering but the man with Kuznetzov's life in his hands is not listening. He is eating his veal, bloodied meat dancing between his lips. He takes a sip of wine as his medal emblazoned chest glimmers in the light of crystalline chandeliers.

The spoils of war.

His smile is stained red.

There is no deal to be made.

The Winter Soldier pulls the trigger.


NOW.


His eyes are open.

Panic is the first emotion he feels, and it seizes him up quickly in its grasp. He doesn't know this view, he doesn't know where he is, not again, not again, not again --

Then:

"Good morning, sleeping beauty. Did you know you snore?"

The relief that the sound of your voice brings is immediate, and just like that he remembers. He's laying on the bed. You're sat up across from him at that small desk in the corner. He reaches as he rubs his face to thumb the edge of the pillowcase. He exhales tightly.

He's fine. His name is James Buchanan Barnes. He is not longer the Winter Soldier. He's in his Brooklyn apartment. He is fine.


When's the last fucking time he's slept in a bed?


He sits up, scratching his neck as he does. You lean back, half rotated in the desk. Before you is a mess of papers and his laptop -- and on top of the keyboard sits his notebook. It's open to the page where all he'd been able to figure out about Innessa was scrawled in his chicken scratch.

Bucky swings his legs over the edge of the bed and immediately his back complains.

"How long was I out?" he asks, voice hoarse with sleep. He moves to part the curtains. The room blooms with warm morning light.

You offer an apologetic smile into the vanilla sunshine. "Three hours. I wanted you to get some shut-eye. You were starting to look a little overwhelmed last night--"

"You click too fast," he waves, standing and immediately rolling his neck to the side. You watch as the man, before as peaceful as a sleeping pup, now regains his usual thinning veiled level of threat. Bucky is dangerous -- it shows in the way he holds himself. He cracks his neck, rolls his shoulders, and groans. He exhales again, posture sagging a bit, "I couldn't keep up."

You're standing now, socks padding against the hardwood as you eye his cowlick with a budding bloom of affection. With his notebook between your index and middle finger, you offer it out. You cling to your empty coffee cup in the other.

"I didn't peek," you say warmly, "Pinky promise."

His laugh is more like a hot puff of air. Bucky manages a look that feels like an emotional dethaw.

"Thank you."

You lead the way to the kitchen, stretching your own back as you go. You'd been up all night -- this is your third trip out here for yet another cup of coffee. The pot has been on for too long, though, and you know the coffee sitting there is beyond bitter. You're moving to dump it down the sink when Bucky grumbles.


"Don't."


"You want it?"

"No," he mutters, reaching for a mug, "But I don't want to waste it."

"Wow," you chirp, "The Great Depression just jumped out."

"Yeah," he snorts, yanking open the fridge to search for something to eat, "It does that."

"Well, grandpa," you hand him the steaming cup and set out to make another pot, "You're also living on Depression Era rations -- might I suggest some Dolly's? Because I'm starving and I've been up all night and I think that means I get to decide where we get breakfast."

Bucky's look is soft -- but you don't see it. You're too busy scooping sugar into your cup, too busy nudging him aside to grab the milk. He's rooted there in the kitchen, watching you move about. You're comfortable. There isn't a trace of anxiousness in you, not in this moment, and he tries to remember what it looks like.

Your eyes find his and he clears his throat.

"Earth to Sergeant Barnes?"

"Don't start," he groans, albeit playfully, "It's too early."

"Oh, what? Too early for me to grill you on why you didn't tell me that little laptop in there was on loan from the FBI? To one Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes of the 107th?"

His face falls.

"Don't worry," you raise a hand quickly, leaning against the counter as you sip your coffee, "I figured that out before I did anything massively illegal."

Bucky rubs his face as he takes a sip of his coffee -- the bitterness is enough to slap him awake. He winces, swallows it back, and remembers the taste of instant coffee made in helmets on the line in Bastogne. He can smell snow, and the acrid sting of mortar smoke. Suddenly, he's craving a cigarette.

That hasn't happened in a while.

Bucky clears his throat. "Did you find anything?"

You frown slightly, lips pulled as you hide your inward disappointment -- you push off from the counter and shake your head as you brush past him. Like a loyal dog, Bucky follows. Into the bedroom you go, and Bucky's again surprised he managed to get any sleep at all in that bed. Maybe it was the comfort of having someone else there, or the genuine exhaustion that had finally choked him out after hours of trying to understand what the hell you were even doing on there.

You plop into the desk chair and snatch up a piece of paper littered with notes.

"I couldn't do much of my usual snooping," you explain gently as you gesture to the chromebook, "This thing might have been given to you in good faith, but they're watching you pretty closely. So, I worked a little magic and ended up running a virtual machine. Gave me enough wiggle room to avoid the malware and keystroke trackers. Even still, I wanted to be careful, so I just did a little looking."


"Looking?"


"I can't dig deeper on Innessa, I know where to dig, but I can't," you frown, "Not on this laptop, and definitely not on my personal machines. I've got the GRC breathing down my neck, and the files I need to poke are very much off-limits."

"So, what? We're shit out of luck?"

"No, not entirely," you stand up and motion to the paper in your hands; your tone is tight, "I know a few people who can help, but getting to them is going to be the hardest part."

Bucky takes the paper, squinting at the writing as you settle on the edge of the bed next to him. You take a sip of your coffee and watch as his blue eyes dart across the notes; you point to the name scrawled across the top.

"There's a club in lower Manhattan, but you've gotta know the right people to get in," you mumble, scratching your cheek as a creeping sense of embarrassment bubbles up behind your words, "It's in the basement of an old computer repair shop. It's like a blackhat networking event, but with strippers."

Bucky squints at the paper and reads the name. "The Glass Cannon?"

"Yeah," you huff, crossing your arms tightly as you stand, "That's the one."

Bucky looks up from the paper, attention now rooted on the pacing you've begun to do across the room. Back and forth. You're holding your coffee like a lifeline, gaze far away. That anxiousless way you'd been holding yourself before is gone. Now, he can see the tensing in your shoulders, in your fingers. You're suddenly nervous.

Bucky stands. His voice is gentle.

"You alright?"

"Yeah," you snap almost immediately, "Just, y'know. Worried. I spent a lot of time there when I was younger. Did stupid shit. And now I'm about to waltz in after six years like I haven't put that part of my life behind me."

"We don't have to do this," he says immediately, moving to stand closer and halt your pacing. The invasion of your space forces you to look at him. His fingers glimmering in the morning light. You follow the line of his figure up to his eyes. The emotion there makes your heart clench. You can't pin it down, and it's gone in an instant.

"It's the only way we're going to find Innessa."

"You don't need to put yourself in situations like this for me," he says, stressing the for me part in both expression and tone. The depreciation makes you wince and you're fast to shake your head.

"That's what friends do, Bucky," you stand your ground, but you know there's more to your reasoning than that, "Plus, she's a bad guy. And I know you said I technically wasn't the sidekick, but--"

"You're not the sidekick--"

"I know," you huff, nudging him gently with your arm, "But, I wanna help. Do some good."

"You do enough good," he mutters, "You're a good person."

Your words fail you at that -- and your mouth parts but nothing comes out. Bucky watches with an expression as solid as rock as you blink and look away. His hand, the one of flesh and bone, finds your wrist as you tighten your grip on your mug.

The touch, though far too tender for you to handle, feels like fire.

Like a slap in the face, you're reminded of how handsome Bucky is.

You slap that thought back, trading volleys, and remain quiet.

His tone is stern. "I mean it."

"Well," you finally muster, tone dipping sardonically into a cruel peel of humor, "Just wait until you see me in my natural habitat. Maybe the tequila shots will make you second guess that."

"I didn't know we were going out drinking," he chirps as he raises an eyebrow, "Am I going to need to get you a leash?"

"We're gonna have to try and blend in as best we can. People are going to know me -- if they try to pin me with the GRC or the feds, we aren't going to get anything on Innessa. They probably won't even let me in the building if they suspect something's up, after all not everything that goes down in Glass Cannon is kosher."

"This is already sounding like a bad idea," Bucky mumbles as he crosses his arms, "I'm stating that for the record, by the way."

"Well, I think standing around and working ourselves up about this is even worse of an idea," you chirp back, moving towards the door to muscle on your shoes, "So I say we feed ourselves and don't worry about this until Thursday night."

"Thursday."

You nod.

All of a sudden, Bucky's eyes go wide.

"Today is Sunday."

You freeze, hand on the doorframe. You shoot him a wide-eyed look at the sudden flare of panic that's shot up through him. "Yea, Bucky, today is Sunday."


"Shit."


"What?" you nearly cry as he disappears into the bedroom once more. You hear his closet open, then a clatter as he grabs something like keys -- you nearly run directly into his chest when he strides back into the kitchen. He's shouldered on his usual leather jacket, and in his hands is another.

He's got keys in his hand.

"C'mon."

He shoves the jacket into your arms and you frown.

"What the hell?" you cry, doubling back to snag your phone and bag as Bucky moves to the door, "What is this?"

"Put it on," he says, holding open the door for you as you follow him into the apartment hallway.

You raise a brow and stand there as he locks the door.

"Why?"

"Because," Bucky mumbles, rubbing his face as he widens his strides to the stairwell across the hall; before you know it, you're desperately trying to keep up as he bounces down the steps -- light on his feet like the boxer he is -- towards the lower level of the apartment complex, "We're late."

You groan, trying to shrug on the jacket that smells like Bucky as you follow -- a smell you'd come to know as clean laundry and sandalwood. Must be something for his hair. He never wore cologne, that much was apparent. The jacket is big on you, especially on the shoulders. You were swimming in it, trying not to trip as he held the door open to the garage.

Suddenly, the air is cooler. Immediately you wonder how much his rent is if he had access to a ground level garage. Call it NYC instinct.

"Bucky," you nearly whine, throwing your head back, "Where are we going?"

Before you get a reply, you run straight into his back. Bucky grunts, moving to grab both of your hands and push you to the front of him.

Sitting in the spot is a motorcycle.

It's a jet black Harley.

Bucky is handing you the helmet on the back seat as your mouth moves in disbelief. "No way-- no, I'm not getting on that thing. I'd rather sell my kidneys. Stop, stop -- ow, Bucky -- you haven't even said where we're going!"

He's muscling the helmet onto your head and through the flash of the visor you can see a real smile, the sort born out of his never-ending amusement towards your fickle sense of humor. His fingers are nimble against your chin. He takes the time to strap it on, adjust it, and give it a gentle tug. Bucky taps the matte black helmet twice, then flicks the visor down.

"We're going upstate."

It takes two hours to get to Elmwood Senior Living.

You spent the first forty-five minutes clinging to Bucky's waist with your eyes closed -- no fault of Bucky's, really. It was different from riding in a car by miles, and you had your own qualms with driving. You couldn't be in the passenger's seat anymore. Not after the accident with Jaimie, when Mom disappeared. Being out of control made you itch; and it's not until the fifty-minute mark that you ease up on the panic and remember who the man is that's driving the bike.

You trust Bucky. You trust him with your life.

Once it's open road, winding up towards the Northern part of the state, it gets easier.

Bucky can feel your grip around his waist loosen just a bit -- and it's enough reassurance that he stops looking back in the mirror every fifteen seconds. It's enough permission to open up on the throttle, and the bike roars alive. Your immediate reaction is a gobsmacked yelp, the sort that's pulled from a jolt of shock, but then comes the laugh. 

Bucky's own quiet chuckle rumbles against your chest. You hold on tighter, but this time with open palms against the thrum of his ribs.

Halfway through the trip, he pulls into a McDonald's.

You drop your ass onto the parking lot's curb as he leans against the bike and houses a burger. You laugh, eyeing him candidly as you take a large bite from your own lunch. Bucky is a mess with it -- cursing quietly when he ends up getting ketchup on his jacket.


"Shit."


"Jesus, Bucky," you mutter, "Did you even taste that thing?"

"Barely," he clears his throat and starts picking at his fries, "These things taste different now. First time I ever had McDonald's was right before bootcamp."

"How much was it? Five cents?" you snort, leaning back and dropping a fry into your mouth.

Bucky watches with a half-smirk. "Fifteen, but nice try."

He spends the next five minutes on his hand with a wet nap, trying hard to get the grease out of the delicate plates along his palm. You watch, as you knock back the rest of your soda, as his eyes crinkle tightly in frustration. His mouth is pulled tightly into a fine line. For the second time today, you're reminded of how handsome Bucky Barnes is -- and how fucking stubborn he is, too.

"Want help?"

"No," he mutters, trying to get a spot between his thumb and index finger, "I got it."

"I have smaller fingers," you sing-song, gathering up his trash and your trash and crossing the parking lot to the bin; upon returning, you waggle them in his face, "Good for hard to reach places."

Bucky absolutely hates that can feel his blush hit the tips of his ears at the comment.

He's glad you're too preoccupied with his hand to notice. You're watching, like you always do, with respectful awe. To you, this part of him is a bit like a treasure -- you find it beautiful and intriguing and incredible. It's clear in the way you watch the mechanisms turn and tighten that you aren't frightened by it.

It unsettles Bucky every time.

Finally, once he's finished under your watchful eyes, he leans to muscle that helmet back over your head. You groan, squinting tightly.

"C'mon," he knocks your helmet with his knuckles, "We're almost there."

The rest of the ride is wide open space, farmland and mountainous peaks looming far ahead. It's warm, and the sun is hot on your back. The wind is howling around you and it sends your jacket collar flapping against your neck. Your chin rests neatly on Bucky's shoulder, trying to get a view of the road ahead.

Elmwood Senior Living is tucked into the back of a suburb.

The two of you weave through a neighborhood or two, dancing under the shade of age-old maple trees. They cast long, scattered shadows across the pavement as kids play on their lawns. A dog barks somewhere in the distance. Over the hill, church bells ring. Sunday service has ended.

Bucky rolls into the parking lot, past the large sign with swirling lettering. Suddenly, things make more sense. Suddenly, you're struck with a sinking feeling of grief. Nostalgia. Mourning. But, happiness.

There are folks sitting outside, basking in the sun, tethered to walkers.

Bucky's wrists crank back weathered knuckles, and slowly the bike rumbles into an open spot. Extending his legs, Bucky balances the bike with ease. You take that as your cue to swing yourself off the back clumsily, hopping a bit. Bucky leans, kicks the stand down, and with significantly more grace than you, swings his leg over.

You're shrugging his jacket off when he speaks.

"He's going to be different than how you imagine him."

You exhale slowly, draping the jacket over the bike's seat. You peel the helmet off.

"I've sort of pieced that together."

You can see the slight discomfort hanging in his posture. You reach and touch Bucky's arm.

"Come on," you nod to the entrance, covered by a shady overhang where someone is helping a family member out of their car, "We don't wanna be late, huh?"

His eyes soften. Bucky nods.

You walk side-by-side into the lobby of Elmwood Senior Living and it's like time slows down. It halts in a warm, sunshine-colored still -- full of chatter, full of humanity, full of wisdom. The room is framed by big windows, by plants, by a man in a U.S. Navy ball cap. He's stationed by the door, watching the comings and goings. The main desk, where a young woman watches, sits in the corner. You follow Bucky with a content little look. He notices.

He stands a little closer at the main desk. The girl, who looks like she's incredibly out of place with her blue hair and piercings, is younger than you thought. Highschool, maybe. She offers Bucky an excited smile.

"Took you long enough," she chirps, moving to sort through a bin to her side with key fobs.

Your brows raise. You spy calculus homework on the desk.

Bucky snorts. "I'm here, aren't I?"

He notices the same problem set you so, and purposely leans over the desk. Suddenly, you're seeing flashes of a more boyish version of Bucky -- one that reminds you of a man with siblings. Bucky taps the paper, jutting a chin to the girl as she tries to swat his attention away.

"How'd you do on that test?"

"I got a 96," she chirps pridefully, laughing, "Thanks for the help, nerd."

You're watching the entire exchange with a smile, backing up a bit to toss a curious glance over your shoulder. There's a dining room through open doors -- and looks like lunch is just wrapping up. Folks are moving around, back to their rooms or upstairs where you can hear the beginnings of a seated aerobics class begin.

Bucky nudges you with his hand.

"Thanks, Sarah," he says and waves the key she'd handed over.

The girl with the blue hair scoffs. "Say hi to grandpa for me, Bucket."

You laugh out loud as Bucky quickly flips her off. She's quick to do the same.

You follow him around the corner, grinning ear to ear. He spares you a sheepish look, then rolls his eyes.

"What was that?"

"She's a good kid," he offers, eyeing the key with the grey little fob attached, "Reminds me of my sister."

Your face softens. "Sister?"

"Her name was Sarah, too," he says quietly, boots landing softly on the blue carpet. He's navigating the residential wing like he's done it a million times. There are rooms with flowers outside, with holiday garb, with little photos and keepsakes. Each room holds a lifetime of personality -- the sound of Jeopardy lulls along in the background.

You hum. Bucky sighs.

He meanders down a long hallway where a different door is -- this one heavy and locked by the little keypad. Bucky raises the key fob to the device and the door buzzes.

This side of Elmwood is quieter.

Down the hall, Timmy Dorsey and Sinatra play quietly over someone's record player.

There aren't as many folks in the hall in this wing, but doors are open and nurses flit about. Around the corner, there's a loud conversation going on about lunch -- and you watch as Bucky weaves towards the nursing station. It's a room overlooking the common area with windows. Inside are three women.

One of them immediately jumps when she sees Bucky.

"Oh, good! I was meaning to talk to you--"

"Everything alright?"

"About the same," she breathes as she stands, moving to grab at a Bucky's arm with a sense of motherliness that makes you smile, "But, meals have been a bit difficult lately."

"No kidding," he mutters, rubbing his chin, "He just doesn't wanna eat?"

"He thinks Peggy is coming home," the woman whispers with a pained smile as she begins to lead you both down the hall, "He thinks your grandmother made dinner for him."

"Right," Bucky nods, "Doesn't wanna ruin his appetite."

"Exactly."

You take note of the conversation, muddling through your own confusion. You're quiet, though. This isn't really your conversation to have. Bucky seems to be relaxed more -- even humming slightly to a song that plays across the hall from the room the nurse is knocking on.

"Mr. Carter?" she calls gently, "Your grandson is here to see you, and his..."

She looks expectantly at you. You bawk.

"Friend."

"Right," she smiles and pushes open the door.

It's like a little slice of home.

Sofas, chairs, photos on the walls. There's a record player in the corner, a television, a coffee table stacked with books on the second world war. There's a dresser covered in baubles and warm light coming in from the window overlooking the street. It reminds you of your grandparents' sitting room -- everything looks so lived in, so comfortable, so alive.

And then, below the light of the window, is a hospital bed.

In it is Steve Rogers.

Not the one you know -- no, this one has lived a full life. This Steve Rogers has fallen in love, owned a home, settled down. This Steve Rogers has years of wisdom settled into his face, years of well-fought fights in his joints. His blonde hair has gone shock white, but his smile is all the same.

"Bucky."

The way Steve says his name is like the man beside you holds the world.

To Bucky, he can hear a new weakness. A new exhaustion.

"Hi, punk."

The nurse offers a little wave to you as Bucky ventures into the room, stripping his jacket off and moving to scope out the minifridge in the small kitchenette beside the bathroom. She leaves the door open, and you smile to her softly. Bucky rummages, poking his head up.

"You want a drink, Steve?" he asks, tone almost like he's feeling out the lucidity of the man across the room, "There's some of that lemonade I brought last week in here."

"Sounds good," he says slowly, "Please."

You feel out of place -- not unwelcome, but... it's clear that Bucky has come and gone from here a thousand times now. He knows to get the glasses out, to get a straw, to turn down the record player on his way over. Doris Day's voice lowers to a soft croon. You watch with heavy eyes.

"I brought someone, Steve," Bucky says, "She's a big fan."

"Oh?" Steve asks with a slow look to the corner where you're standing, "That musta broke your heart."

Bucky snorts as he moves to swing the hospital bed's tray over Steve's lap. He places the lemonade down, then the other glass on the nightstand. He's quick to move the armchair closer to the nightstand, and gestures for you to come over. Bucky's hands guide you by the shoulders as he plops you into the chair.

"She's one of the good ones," Bucky says, "Reminds me of you."

"No kidding," Steve says slowly, offering a hand that shakes, "Steve Rogers. It's a pleasure."

You exchange your name with a shy look, shaking that hand with reverence and gentility. "It's an honor, Mr. Rogers."

"Please," he mumbles, moving to slowly take a sip of his lemonade, "Steve is fine."

Bucky moves to take up a post on the opposite side of Steve, in the sun. "You're losin' weight, y'know."

That earns him a wave of the hand.

Bucky leans back and sips his lemonade. He waggles a finger and you watch the two begin to go back and forth.

"No, no," he swallows, "No, you don't get t' shrug me off--"

"M'fine, Buck," a sigh, "Really."

"Mhm," he narrows his eyes, "You're startin' to look like the Steve I knew before the serum."

You lean back, hiding a quiet smirk behind your hand.

"I was wondering when you were gonna show up an' pester me," he says with a tired look, "The only peace I get around here is when Peggy comes home."

Your eyes jump to Bucky. He's watching you.

"Peggy?" you ask gently, "Is that your wife?"

A proud smile washes over his face. "Still knocks me for a loop, too."

"Steve," Bucky's voice is gentle, "Peggy won't be coming around for a while. Remember?"

There's a look that flashes across Steve's face, then. A mixture of sadness, of confusion, of panic. It's clouded with a furrow of his brow, hidden by a tilt of the head. He looks at Bucky, mouth pulled in a fine line.

When he finally speaks, his voice is sad.

"That's right. I forgot."

"S'alright," Bucky taps his head, maintaining an air of nonchalance, "That's why you got me."

"And why you've got her, no doubt," he turns to you with a winning smile and offers his hand again, "Steve Rogers. Nice to meet you."

You take it, you shake it, and you introduce yourself once more. Your smile is patient and understanding. "I've heard a lot about you, Steve."

Bucky breathes a sigh of relief. Steve smiles, tossing Bucky a look that borders on mischievous.

He sips his lemonade and clears his throat. "How is Sam?"

"You ask every time," Bucky mutters, "And every time I have the same answer."

"Sam?" you ask slowly.

"Wilson," Bucky finishes, "Bird man."

"You mean Falcon," you correct, shooting him a stern look, "The Falcon. Are you ghosting The Falcon?"

"I don't know what that even means, so maybe," Bucky leans back and crosses his legs, "I've been busy."

You roll your eyes. Steve saw. He smiles.

"I'm gettin' why he keeps you around."

Your face is smacked with a look of pure joy.

"C'mon on now," Bucky cries, nearly indignantly, "No flirting--"

"M' not flirting--"

"I know that look, Steve--"

Steve is laughing.

Bucky has a stern look in his eye. "You always do this--"

"I'm not doin' a damn thing--"

"And you better keep it that way, old man," Bucky shirks, voice splintering into a laugh in a way that you've never heard before, "I swear, this is how it always goes."

"Always the bridesmaid, never the bride, huh, Buck?" you ask gently, leaning your cheek into your hand.

Steve laughs loudly at that.

Bucky spares you a smile -- the sort that's drenched in good humor and sunlight. It makes your lungs flutter, and you ignore the buzz in your fingers at the sight. You hide your laugh into your cup of lemonade, resigning to be a quiet counterpart in the conversation.

The two of them go on to chat about small things, then chat about old things. From the Commandos, to HYDRA, to amends, to therapy, to Peggy, to the itch the starch of their old dress uniforms used to bring. It takes a bit, a few redirections on the way, but it's clear by the end why Steve Rogers is in Elmwood's memory unit.

It makes your heart ache.

And if a super soldier is bed-ridden...

The two of you say goodbye around three in the afternoon after Bucky helps Steve shave.

The walk back to the bike is quiet.

Bucky speaks first.

"He's dying."

You chew your lip, eyes on the pavement. You match his slow stride, bumping your elbow with his as you walk. It's still warm, and the clouds hang high in the sky. When you look up, Bucky's watching you. You sigh.

"I'm sorry," you finally muster, "I am."

"Don't be," he says, grabbing the jacket from the seat and holding it up, "He's lived a long life."

You let Bucky hold out the arm for you, and you press your hand through the sleeve. He helps the other side on, and you zip it up to your chin. When you turn around to face him, there are tears in your eyes.

They snuck up on you. You hadn't realized it until Bucky's face fell, until the first one fell along the weathered leather of the jacket. You blink, raising your brows as you swipe them away, and offer an apologetic look.

"I'm happy," you say, "Y'know. He has you. But, he's a man out of time. Even now. That makes me sad."

Bucky's quiet for a while. He's leaned up against the bike as you turn and watch Elmwood from the back of the parking lot. There's a big part of you that feels heavy with guilt -- and though Steve was in good spirits when you left, you can't help but ache to provide him with more company. It's clear that seeing Bucky means a lot to him, and that in turn it means a lot to the man beside you.

"Come on," Bucky says then, "Let's go home."

You nod, let him muscle that helmet onto your head one more time, and hold on a little tighter back to the city.

 You don't see Bucky until Tuesday.

In all honesty, it feels weird to not hear from him for two days. At the very least, you expected some sort of phone call -- but you remind yourself that you've been okay alone for a long time. There's no need to throw all your work on being comfortable by yourself out the window for Bucky Barnes.

It's tempting, though. God, it's really tempting.

You hate the ache in your chest when you finally see him lumbering towards the cafe counter before your appointments. You hate this new feeling -- so you shove it down and ignore the way his fingers brush yours when he hands you your latte.

He is ignoring it, too. He's been ignoring it.

No use in thinking about it though.

"You got plans later?" you ask him in the elevator after your appointment, tilting your head, "Apparently there's a Lord of the Rings marathon tonight on FX."

Bucky stiffens -- and immediately he can feel the hot sting of anxious regret flood his cheeks. He clears his throat, tucks his hands in his pockets, and toes the ground. You watch with a confused look. Then he speaks tightly.

"...I've got a date."

You could have caught flies the way your jaw fell open.

"Oh. Oh!"

You blink, readjust your expression, and swallow down a sharp stab of rejection.

Bucky clears his throat. "It's... I wasn't going to but, Dr. Raynor--"

"No, no," you wave your hands and shake your head and try to seem genuine, "No, I'm happy for you. Is this one of those Christian Minglers?"

Bucky groans. "Shut up."

"Okay," you say, "Okay! Just, uh, be careful. Y'know? And call if you need anything."

The elevator doors open, and Bucky walks side by side with you through the well-lit lobby. He holds the door open for you, and you pass through with a pained look at the ground. He lingers, though, rubbing the back of his neck as you wait for him to say what's on his mind.

"Thursday," he says, "I'll stop by."

"Yea," you say, waving your hand, "Whenever."

But, that doesn't end up happening.

No, Bucky Barnes shows up at your apartment doorstep at 10pm.

He's clutching takeout and a six pack of beer and wearing a horrified expression that screams of guilt and exhaustion. No, Bucky buzzes the door to your apartment and basically croaks that he's here -- he's asking if the marathon is still on while you buzz him up.

"Third floor," you say into the buzzer with a smile, "Come on in, old man."

When you open the door, you have to laugh -- because his hair is a mess and there's still a trace of lipstick on the corner of his mouth. Whereas jealousy threatens to flare, his incredibly regretful expression tamps it down. You cock a hip, eye him up and down, and jut your chin out.

"Get laid?"

Bucky rolls his eyes so hard you're surprised he didn't break something.

He pushes past you, moving to drop the beer on the counter and place the takeout gently down by the basket of fruit.

"I'm here for the cat," he grumbles, "Not your witty commentary, sweetheart."

You're moving quietly to the sink and gathering a paper towel with a smirk as Bucky looks around, admiring the decor and aliveness of your apartment. When you turn around, he's already pried a beer from the pack and popped the top off with his vibranium palm.

He winces when you reach up to swipe the coral lipstick from the corner of his mouth.

Then Bucky settles, letting you clean off the mess.

"Mhm," you hum, "Right. Was it at least fun?"

"She had fun," he mutters into his first sip, "It was a lotta tongue for my first night out in nearly a century, though."

You wince. He nods with a sardonic smile that tells you everything about how the date went down -- and you're relieved. "So, I take it you're not calling her in the morning?"

"No," he shakes his head, "Nope. No, and I've decided no more dates. That was enough for me."

You wince and pluck a beer from the pack. Wordlessly, Bucky gestures for you to hand it over. In one smooth motion, he twists the cap off with his hand.

"That bad?" you ask, eyeing him critically.

"I decided halfway through," he says as he moves to take the takeout from its bag, "I'd rather be watching Lord of the Rings with you."

That stops you into silence. It's like someone's taken your own words and gagged you with them -- and you're left floundering for breath you never even realize you lost. You know he means it. You know it because he won't look at you, because that sort of confession isn't easy for people like you two. So you take those words and you glue them in a lonely locket and keep them close to your heart.

Poke's entrance saves you a mouthful of broken words -- he comes in, trots up to Bucky, and hollers.

Bucky laughs.

"Nice to meet you, too," he mutters, eyeing the cat that's eagerly rubbing himself along Bucky's leg.

You wipe your face, sip you beer, and move to the pantry across from the kitchen island. You come back out with a bag of salmon treats -- the good ones -- and offer Bucky the bag. He takes it, eyes still on the calico, and crinkles it a little.

You lean against the counter and watch Bucky kneel.

"If you keep it up long enough he might even let you hold him."

He lights up at that.

You laugh.

You move to grab plates and forks and knives and groan when you open up the first box to see Pad Thai -- you make a mental note to properly thank Bucky for this. You meager dinner of reheated pasta really hadn't hit the spot. This will, though. You can tell from the smell alone.

By your knees, Poke chirps.

"He's cute."

"I never took you for a cat guy."

Bucky snorts.

You make a plate and flick his head as you walk by. "You're missing the start of The Two Towers."

"I'm going to be confused, aren't I?" he asks as he stands and begins making himself a plate. He watches as you settle onto the couch and sip your beer, "I was too busy being turned into a cyborg to read the books."

You laugh out loud. It shocks you.

"Was that a joke? Did Bucky Barnes just make a joke?"

He's smirking. He rounds the counter with his food and settles next to you. Poke is following him, eager to curl up next to his new friend.

"I can be funny."

"Funny lookin'."

He elbows you on purpose. You snort into your beer.

There's a comfortable moment of quiet between you, and you clear your throat.

"Thanks."

"Yeah," he says slowly, "No problem."

More quiet, and he's still watching you. Then, he asks what's been on his mind for the last three days.

"You got a plan for Thursday?"

"I've got anxiety, Buck," you exhale, swigging your beer and turning the television up, "I always have a plan."

visit whirlybirbs.tumblr.com for more shenanigans between uploads, like memes and fan art!

Visiting The Glass Cannon doesn't go as planned.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

You do have a plan.

Maybe it's a little vague, a little messy, and a little up-in-the-air, but it's a plan.

Get in, find Kiwi, avoid a handful of unsavory characters, and access the Alexandria Library.

Getting the hell out The Glass Cannon once you and Bucky were in was going to be a whole different plan entirely -- one that was more improv than anything else. Hopefully, running a quick facial recognition program wouldn't take long. With any luck, it would get a hit on any more recent aliases Innessa Sidrova was using after parsing the motherload of information Kiwi held onto with her life.

Kiwi wasn't always known as Kiwi. She worked at SHIELD, like you, and back then she was known as Suji Awal. She stuck around longer -- and she'd stayed on board during the active collapse to do heaven-sent work. It was an absolute Hail Mary, but while HYDRA had tried to purge all of SHIELD's cloud data to protect their active agents and decades of progress, Suji had beat the hare in the race. Two steps ahead, she'd managed to pull nearly 97% of all confidential data including mission reports, agent profiles, and even electronic correspondence. While the metaphorical fire burned the documents behind her, she'd managed to salvage one of the only surviving, comprehensive looks at SHIELD before the curtain was pulled back to reveal HYDRA's infection.

It had been used to try multiple HYDRA agents in the wake of it all in the federal courts. It was significant evidence, but after nearly all was reaped from the crop, Suji had taken the aptly named Alexandria Library and gone underground. Now, Kiwi was just another hacker in the thick of it and the Alexandria files were all but whispers.

It's all about knowing the right people in the end.

Kiwi was a regular at The Glass Cannon. There was a nine out of ten chance you'd find her there. And if you didn't find Kiwi, you'd probably find Climber and... Well, going to him wasn't the most ideal situation, but out of the menagerie of acquaintances you'd gathered up throughout the years, you could trust Climber. He'd send you Kiwi's way if you finally called in that favor he owed you. Either way, you'd find her and you'd get the files.

You just needed to avoid Alexei Gardzov.

Easy. Ish.

In truth, you barely get anything done Thursday -- you're too preoccupied in your head, running over the so-called plan even now as you fold laundry in the basement of your apartment complex.

You'd dug around in your closet, trying to find some semblance of an outfit. It was difficult. It wasn't like the barely-there dresses and platform shoes were your thing anymore. Back then, your diet was mostly energy drinks and alcohol -- in a way, it's a relief to find that a good number of your staple outfits no longer fit. It made you feel like you really had put all this behind you.

You have.

Sure, it was the Rabbit you were going to have to be for tonight, but you're not the Rabbit you were eight years ago. Good thing, too. You're not too sure you and Bucky would have gotten along otherwise. Right now, your relationship with him was the biggest thing keeping you afloat -- for the first time in a long time, you feel like you have some sort of purpose, even if it was a vague one at best.

You knew Innessa Sidrova was a threat -- and you knew Bucky had to remedy that threat. You knew he felt responsible for creating her, for planting her in a position of power where she could manipulate and control. In truth, there was still a lot of vagueness surrounding his past. He'd made it clear he hasn't been himself for a long time, but you couldn't bring yourself to wade through the muck of his trauma to pluck out your answers. It just felt wrong.

If you were to say you hadn't been tempted to go out on your own and dig, that'd be a lie.

Even now, as you pull out the ink-black top from the dryer and fold it neatly on top of the other pieces of laundry needed for tonight, you can feel it sparking like a lighter in the back of your head.

He was keeping something from you.

"Penny for your thoughts?"

You nearly jump six feet in the air.

It's Miss Bonnie -- and she's laughing when her feet touch the cold concrete of the unfinished floor. Her basket of laundry is balanced neatly on her hip, and she walks with a smirk on her face. Her hair is piled neatly on top of her head, and as she bends to plop the basket down, she offers a wink.

"I could hear you thinking from upstairs," she ruminates, paisley and dyed skirts kissing the ground, "Like a little steam engine."

You laugh quietly into your task. You duck your head and heft a black bra and jeans from the dryer. "I've got a lot on my mind."

She looks up, eyes moving carefully from the laundry pile to your face. Her eyes glimmer with quiet curiosity. "And a big night planned, huh?"

You snort. "What was the giveaway?"

"It's always the lacey bras," she chirps and slides a smirk your way as she waggles a finger at your pile, "And the strappy little bodysuit was a good hint, too."

You exhale with a laugh, bracing a hand against the dryer. She's not wrong -- you'd really forgone comfort with this outfit lineup. It was temporary, though, and well worth the efforts if it meant helping Bucky tick off a name from his list of amends. You knew how much those meant to him.

"So," she continues, voice muddled as she continues to load the washer, "I take it this friend of yours is really helping you out of your shell?"

"I guess so. Yeah. It's -- It's sort of a mutual shell-cracking, I guess."

"Mm," a hum, "You sound troubled, though."

Your mouth opens as your fingers trace the line of the bodysuit. You pause, and you rock back on your heels. Miss Bonnie notices.

She waits patiently, bent at the knees.

"You ever just..." you wave your hand, "Feel like -- I don't know. He's my friend. My best friend, honestly, and that's... Really saying a lot. But, there's stuff under the surface and I know it's not my business but..."

Out comes a strangled groan.

"What? Like a crazy ex-girlfriend?"

"No, no -- I don't think so," you mutter, "Wouldn't surprise me, though."

"Handsome?" she asks, smiling.

You close your eyes and ignore the smile on your face as you reply. "Yea, handsome."

"Well, have you tried asking?" she shrugs as she stands, "Not about the crazy ex, but about the stuff you're worried about? It never hurts."

"Problem is, I don't really think it's too much of my business."

Miss Bonnie hums at that and presses the start on her washer. She's quiet for a bit, swaying slightly as she weighs the conversation and you watch -- enamored with the older woman's calm wisdom. She gestures openly with ringed hands.

"I think it's normal for us to want to know everything about those we care about," she says, "We want to know how we can protect them, how we can comfort them. But... it comes in due time. All of it does. You'll find a time when he does open up about the ex, or whatever it is on his mind. You're friends, after all."

You're nodding, chest tight with thanks.

Miss Bonnie's face is soft.

"You got a picture?" she chirps like a bird looking for a worm, "I wanna see who this little friend is. And if he really is as handsome as you're suggesting..."

You scoff and lean to dig out your phone.

"Cut it out," you mumble as she moves closer, "No playing matchmaker."

"Sure, sure," she waves, leaning to watch as you scroll through your camera roll.

The only photo you have of Bucky is there from Tuesday night -- after he'd housed nearly an entire container of noodles and promptly passed out during the third Lord of the Rings movie. You'd woken up around one in the morning to find that Poke had unceremoniously curled up on top of the supersoldier's chest. Bucky's hand was still in the calico's fur as he dozed, the colors of the TV painting his face all sorts of peaceful. You'd taken the photo, shoving it in his face after gently nudging him awake.

He's laughed.

You gesture to show Miss Bonnie.

Like ice, she freezes.

You notice a microexpression dart across her face, but it's gone in an instant. You can't pin it, but the way she bends to pull the phone closer and zoom in on her face comes off as interest. You blink, label it as shock, and move on.

Her voice sounds different.

"Handsome," she mumbles plainly, preoccupied with the sight, "I get it now. What's his name?"

"Bucky," you say as she hands the phone back, "He's... He's a good person."

Miss Bonnie just nods.

You tuck your phone away and plop your laundry into your basket. Ignoring the sudden quiet that had crept between you both, you haul up the stack and offer her a gentle smile. She's fiddling with the washer's timer.

"Thank you, Miss Bonnie."

"Of course," she rushes out, smiling gently, "And be safe tonight."

"I will."

With your promise, you ascend the stairs.

In that basement, Bonnie McLayne is no more, and instead, Innessa Sidrova remembers that night in Moscow, back in 1975.

She remembers the Winter Soldier.

Bucky calls you three times with no answer.

Normally, he'd just give up -- but it was Thursday, and you weren't answering the buzzer to your apartment either. He tries his best to ignore the strike of panic that sparks in his chest. It could stoke a wildfire, really, but he pushes it down and remembers to breathe. He doesn't let himself think about what he'd do if something happened to you.

After all, you're probably fine. Sleeping, maybe. The both of you had a long night ahead.

(Longer than either of you realize, really.)

It's nearly seven o'clock, and after trying your cell one more time from his perch on your apartment's stoop, Bucky decides to say fuck it.

A well-adjusted person might frown upon what he was about to do, but Bucky wasn't exactly well-adjusted, now was he?

He rounds the back alley with long strides and easily finds that, with a little maneuvering, he can hoist himself upwards on top of the nearest dumpster. With a well-timed hop, he can also snag the bottom of the fire escape's ladder and haul it downwards. The rest is easy, and he's scaling the fire escape to the third floor with ease before he even knows it.

There's even a smug little smirk on his face the whole time he does.

Finding your window is a little harder, but Bucky eventually spots Poke's round little body smushed against the glass -- it's a dead giveaway, and after some prowling, he finds the window to your living room and unceremoniously throws it open.

It's unlocked, for whatever reason, and he makes a mental note to have a conversation with you about safety and security in the city. After all, you never knew when an ex-assassin supersoldier was going to break in and pet your cat.

Upon opening the window, he pieces together pretty quickly why you're not answering. Could be the music coming from your bedroom, or even the singing that's coupled alongside it. From the bathroom across the hall from your room, steam has settled above on the ceiling. The whole apartment smells like fruit and soap and perfume and Bucky's not really sure how to parse through all the sensory experiences that greet him with he shimmies in through the window, legs first.

All in all, they make him smile.

Bucky shuts the window behind him as he's quickly greeted by Poke -- the calico offers a gratuitous little chirp when Bucky bends to scoop up the cat. Easily, he melts. Poke is purring loudly in his ear as Bucky takes a moment to survey your apartment a little bit closer. Mr. Poke Bowl rubs his face against Bucky's stubble as the man weaves through the kitchen.

It's very you.

He isn't really sure what that means at the end of the day, but all he knows is that he feels at home here. He feels safe. He feels comfortable. He feels like he can be himself. Not James, not Sergeant Barnes, not The Winter Soldier. Not even Steve's Bucky, but just... his Bucky. Himself. Sarcastic and exhausted and a little cynical.

Bucky lets Poke down on the counter and moves to the fridge.

There's still beer from the other night in there, tucked in the back, so he makes easy work on popping open a bottle and busying himself with petting a very adamant Poke.

As he sips the Leinenkugel, it's no small coincidence that his phone buzzes again -- for what feels like the hundredth time today -- with a message from Janelle.

She was nice -- pretty, too. Once upon a time, she would have been his type.

That was before he met you, though.

There's a little pinprick of mortification at that quiet confession that's been slipping into his heart more and more in the last few days. You are, after all, his best friend. He's your best friend. Guilt swims with the feelings that have begun to pluck his heartstrings and he has to admit he's not too comfortable with the song they play.

His biggest fear is fucking this up.

Fucking you up.

Honestly, his track record isn't great. The whole defrosted-international-threat bit made it a little difficult to date. Janelle seemed to think the date had gone well enough, though, hence the handful of texts he'd been getting every few hours asking if he's free.

Like usual, he ignores them.

Exercising his own free will is hard sometimes. Especially when it comes to saying no.

Taking another swig of the beer, Bucky shoves his phone back into his pocket and tucks his fingers back into Poke's fur. The calico's tail swings patiently as he sits and watches -- and it's a little weird how human his eyes are for a second there. He mmrrps and lunges for Bucky's hand when he comes close, bonking his head eagerly against the cool vibranium.

It's a different sensation.

That's another big adjustment -- learning how things really feel with this new arm. It's not just handling recoil or gripping knives or throwing punches. It's the soft tickle of fur, the gentle pressure of a warm rag to clean the joints. Meticulous upkeep wasn't something HYDRA did often. He doesn't miss the twinge of pain and molasses-like stickiness that came with a dirty arm. Blood was the worst. Always sat deep in the cracks.

He flexes his fingers. Poke meows again.

He moves to plop down on the couch. Poke follows.

You're singing, still, to some song that Bucky's never heard, when you push open your bedroom door and move towards the living room.

You jump six feet in the air and scream when you see him just sitting there, clutching a beer and petting Poke like he fucking lives here rent-free.

Bucky's reaction is muted, mostly because he's a little too preoccupied with your outfit and your jewelry and the pink eye shadow that creeps up your brow-bone. There's glitter on your eyelids and lip gloss on your mouth and he can smell some sort of candy-sweet perfume coming off you. The plunging neckline of the jet-black top is enough to leave him shifting his gaze back up to your startled expression with a tight jaw.

His face is blank.

Then he offers that stupid fucking smile he does. Y'know, the tight-lipped one where he somehow maintains a dead-eyed look the whole time. If you weren't trying to calm your racing heartbeat, you might have laughed. You hate the white-hot flare it sparks in your chest.

"How the fuck did you get in here?" you hiss, waving your hands.

"We need to have a serious conversation about locking our windows," he says as he kicks his feet up on the coffee table and wags a finger at you, "Also, what are you wearing?"

"You -- You fucking broke in through my window?"

"Yea, well, you were too busy pretending to be Britney Spears to hear me try and buzz up, and my phone calls."

Sheepishly, you cross your arms. "Nice reference--"

A shrug from Bucky. "Thank you."

"--Also, what are you wearing?"

He looks down at his usual t-shirt, leather jacket combo. He squints back up at you.

"I'm sorry," he chirps, "You're talking to me? Did the department store run out of fabric, Rabbit?"

You self-consciously adjust the plunging neckline of the bodysuit as you frown deeply. "I think I'm gonna skip on the fashion advice from the man who lived in a time where ankles were seen as scandalous."

"I was born in 1917," he mumbles as he stands, actively avoiding another pass over your outfit because as much as he hates to admit it, it's not a bad look on you, "Not 1817."

"Point being, we're going to a club. And you look like you're going to the local Home Depot," you move to snag a set of dangly earrings that are sitting on the coffee table, "We've gotta look like we're there to party, nothing more."

Bucky sighs. He finishes the beer, places the bottle down and sheds his jacket. "So, what?"

You pry your eyes away from the flash of skin -- his arm, flesh and blood, speaks to how strong he is. And, undoubtedly how easy it was for him to fucking scale three stories of the fire escape to bust in.

"So," you mumble as you thread the earring in, "I have some of Jaimie's old shirts. There's probably something you can use... If they fit."

Bucky exhales softly. "You kept them?"

"Didn't have the heart to throw them out," you reply as you gesture for him to follow you into your bedroom.

The back of your top is arguably more crisis-inducing than the front -- it's an open back, and Bucky settles on admiring the decor rather than the curve of your spine. He has to. For his own fucking self-composure.

Your bedroom is nice -- and like the rest of your space, it makes him feel comfortable. It's all warm colors and posters and plants in the corners. Across from your queen-sized bed, there's a large desk with a triple monitor setup. That's where the music is coming from. The little knick-knacks on your shelves and desk make him chuckle.

Then, he stops, halfway to the closet, and stares.

You blink over your shoulder as you bend, digging to the back of your closet to pull out the clear bin you'd piled most of Jaimie's stuff into after the funeral. After you'd cleaned out his apartment on your own.

He's looking at the poster -- the one from Cap's USO tour. It's framed nicely, set up on the wall beside your desk. It's got a gold frame, and Bucky can't help but wander closer to look at the signature.

It's Steve's alright.

"How much did you pay for this?"

You scoff. Your necklaces tinker together. "Don't even go there."

"The jerk signed thousands of these," he mumbles, crossing his arms as he leans closer, "And still, the fame didn't go to his head."

You smile softly, leaning back.

"Jealous?" you chirp, raising your brows as you pretend to swoon, "Oh, Sergeant Barnes, I'd just love to meet your dear friend --"

Bucky's laughing as you swat at his knee, leaning back on the carpet like a damsel in distress.

"Shut up," he snorts, "It's a sore subject for me."

"Oh my god."

"I'm serious -- do you know how many dates I had to set up for the chump? And then, boom. I'm invisible."

"Yeah, well," you mutter with a smile, unclicking the lid, "Some people just like blondes, Buck. I'm sure there were plenty of eyes on you. Stop being so dramatic."

"Yea, the best friend, sure," he mumbles at the poster, "Hell, he was taller than me. You know you don't need to lie to me--"

"Listen, if I was some Lauren Bacall-looking nurse back then," you wave your hands, "I'd have gone for you. Alright? Stop lamenting and get over here."

He goes quiet and ignores the warmth in his cheeks. He squats by your side. "Shut up."

"We seriously need to work on taking compliments," you groan, throwing your head back, "I'm being serious, y'know, for once. And I'm not just saying it as your friend. You're handsome and everyone knows it except you, apparently. My neighbor agrees that's for sure."

He squints.

You wave it off and gesture to your outfit. "She saw me doing laundry."

"That explains nothing," Bucky deadpans, "Literally nothing."

"I showed her a picture," you cry indignantly, moving to shuffle through some of the old t-shirts sitting on top of the bin, "Relax."

He moves to plop down, crossing his legs beneath him. He decides to let the topic die -- again, for his own self-composure more than anything. The compliment, though vehemently denied by the worst part of him, is tucked neatly in the homes of his heart. The idea of meeting you, before now, is a little intoxicating. What would it have been like?

Would you have even spared him a dance?

Bucky rubs his cheek. Poke meows and buts the door open with his head.

You're wrist-deep in the bin when you speak. "He's obsessed with you, y'know."

Poke has already taken up a post in Bucky's lap. Bucky smiles, petting Poke gently with his vibranium hand. The cat seems to like the cool metal. Bucky mumbles softly down to the calico, scritching his cheeks. "I like him, too."

You pause long enough to try and remember the sight.

Bucky's eyes find yours, and you're quick to turn back to the bin.

"Here we go," you exhale as you pull out the shirt you'd been looking for.

It's a long-sleeve button-down, one that you can distinctly remember Jaimie wearing to his engagement party's after-party -- a real typical night of Jaimie being Jaimie. It's black with a barely-there red floral pattern. It's flashy enough that Bucky won't look horribly out of place.

The only problem is Jaimie was a little smaller than Bucky.

"Try this on," you mumble as you dig around trying to find something else in case it doesn't do the trick.

Bucky catches the silk shirt and gives it a once over. He raises an eyebrow, and deciding against debating this, he simply nudges Poke off his lap and stands.

He moves to your bed, laying the shirt out. On your closet door is a full-length mirror. You want to snap it in half when you accidentally catch a glimpse of Bucky hauling off his black, cotton t-shirt and anxiously fumbling with the buttons on Jaimie's old shirt. You have to breathe -- and remind yourself that that's Bucky.

Your Bucky. Your best friend Bucky.

When he calls your name, it sounds far away. You're busy angrily sorting through old clothes.

"I look ridiculous."

When you turn around, the first thing you notice is that it's a little tight. Not in a bad way, but the buttons are gapping along his chest, and it's tight around his arms.

Your eyes widen a little and you swallow. You tilt your head.

Bucky's frowning.

"Let me see," you offer gently, standing and moving close, "It's not that bad."

"You don't sound too sure right now," he mumbles as you enter his personal space.

You're nimble with undoing the top three buttons -- it gives him enough room to move his shoulders, though, and the dip of the shirt along his sternum brings dog tags into view. You reach, momentarily entranced, and read them to yourself.

You smell like vanilla and sugar.

Bucky shifts in his boots.

"Y'know," you say, moving to the sleeves, "I think this works."

You roll the sleeves, stopping at his forearm.

When you step aside, Bucky can see himself in the full-length mirror. He looks less than enthused.

It's not an entirely bad look -- he'll admit that much -- but he doesn't look like himself. No, there's too much chest and skin and... Christ, this shirt is tight. He does, though, look like some of those trendy folks he sees at Izzy's bar every now and again. Hipsters.

"I look like a douchebag."

"That's the point," you chirp as you close the box and shove it back into your closet, "Now the outfit matches the personality."

He swats at your head on the way by. You laugh.

You've got boots in your hand, and you land on the bed with a bounce. Bucky is busy fixing his hair in the mirror while you zip up the thigh-high boots. When he turns around, you're about three inches taller. He blinks, yet again entranced by the outfit.

Then, you're muscling on the jacket.

It's neon pink -- and shaggy and cropped. It falls just above your waist and swallows you whole. But, Bucky's attention is mostly on the back.

There's a large, white embroidered Playboy bunny there, with RABBIT written across the shoulders in a chunky, blackletter typeface.

His brows are high on his face when you turn around.

You freeze.

"...What?" you ask, "Something on my face?"

"Playboy bunny, huh?"

You could smack him. "Weren't you busy being a frozen dinner when Playboy came out?"

"I'll have you know," he says tightly as he follows you out of your bedroom and to the living room, "The Russians enjoyed their fair share of editions."

"The Russians? Sure, what's that saying? There's no sex in the USSR?" you chide, "You can just say Bucky Barnes enjoyed his fair share--"

The tips of his ears are red. You notice. It makes you split into a grin that worsens the pink shade that's crawling up his neck.

He coughs. "Have you ever considered never opening your mouth again, Rabbit?"

You nudge his arm. "Nah. Bothering you is more fun."

He shrugs on his jacket, sighs, and decides that keeping quiet is just easier.

However, that's not entirely your plan -- and you speak quickly as you pull your purse over your shoulder. You're rummaging quietly, stacking your wallet and phone inside. You glance up at him.

"You ready?"

"As I'll ever be," he mumbles, bending to pat Poke one last time as you move to the door of your bedroom. He watches you flick all the lights off, and before you leave, you double check the calico's food and water. He's got enough for a few days. Bucky leans against the door frame, "Care to run me through the plan?"

Nodding, you move to open your front door.

"It'll be easy," you explain as you make room for him, "If we play our cards right--"

Bucky's stopped, though, and is digging in his back pocket as his cell phone rings. You watch him exhale tightly, eyes on the screen the entire time he squeezes by you and starts down the hall. You make careful note of the delicate scowl on his face, only before you catch Miss Bonnie out of the corner of her eye.

Her door is half-cracked across the hall, and she's watching.

She offers you a smile.

Bucky keeps walking.

You wave, lock your door, and jog to catch up to Bucky.

"Hey," you call, "Earth to Mr. Claw Machine?"

His head snaps up. "Sorry."

"Who was that?" you ask carefully, nudging his arm with yours, "Falcon?"

"I wish," he mutters as he muscles the cellphone back into his pocket, "I wouldn't feel so bad sending him to voicemail."

"Yeesh," you wince, "Lemme guess, was it the owner of the coral lipstick that was all over your face on Tuesday night?"

Again, that temptation to feel jealousy flares up in your heart. But, he's here, isn't he? With you. Ignoring her calls. And probably texts judging by the guilty look that's on his face. You feel a little bad -- but at the same time, Bucky's a grown man. Maybe a grown man who needs to create some more transparent lines of communication with the poor woman, but still.

"Bingo. I mean -- it's not that she wasn't great an' all but..."

You raise both hands. "I'm not judging."

He sighs raggedly as he bounces down the apartment's stairs. "I don't think I'm ready for that."

"What?" you ask with a laugh, "Dating? Yea, it's pretty fucking terrifying, Buck."

"You sound like you're speaking from experience."

You hold the door open for him and slide him a pitying look.

"Because I am."

The walk to The Glass Cannon is spent walking Bucky through the plan -- and for the most part, he makes a point of nodding along and listening. His only real anxiety pops up at the mention of Alexei, which is relatable to say the least.

It's dark, the streets are relatively quiet, and the spring chill has pricked your skin. Your heels click against the pavement, and you stalk along. Shoving your hands in your pockets of the pink, shag jacket, you huff.

You're starting to feel the anxiety.

Fifteen minutes later, you're both approaching the blue glow of the storefront.

Computers & Stuff was a family-owned and operated computer shop from the 90s that was taken over by a lesser-known hand of the Russian crime family in New York, the Gardzovs. Alexei's father is the formal owner of the shop, and his son runs the lucrative activities of the underground club that lay beneath the graphics cards and motherboards.

Bucky, as you both near the entrance, speaks quickly. "Anything else I need to know?"

"Just follow my lead, okay?" you whisper.

The bell above the door dings when you pull open the glass door.

The lighting is sterile and if you're real quiet, you can hear the dull hum of the fluorescents. The store is empty, save for one man behind the register.

You almost duck out the entrance at the sight of him.

Igor has been a bouncer at The Glass Cannon for as long as you've been a patron -- and he's also one of Alexei's dogs. This part of the plan was something you'd considered only briefly, and for a second, you're thankful you worried over the million and ten ways this would play out for days.

"Well, if it isn't the little bunny."

It's said with malice. Igor's tattooed hands land on the counter as he leans.

You, however, hold your head high. Bucky watches as something changes in your posture.

"Good to see you, Igor."

"Is it?" he growls, stalking around the counter and quickly encroaching on your personal space, "Because I'm pretty sure you're not welcome here, bunny."

Bucky gets a good look at the man now -- clearly an enforcer. He's got prison tattoos, a shaved head. The long beard is a weak spot. Doesn't seem to be armed. Blue eyes flick to you and the way you don't even flinch when the man leans to breathe right in your face.

You just smile.

"I thought you'd say that," you mumble, moving to swing your bag to the front and dig your wallet out, "But, I'm not here to cause any trouble."

Suddenly, there's a hundred-dollar bill slipping from your well-manicured nails into the vest pocket of the bouncer. There's a tense pause, then, while the two of you size one another up.

"Fucking your way through college paid off, huh?" he hisses.

You stay quiet.

Bucky, though, moves between you both with a quick shove. Immediately, Igor's attention goes to Bucky as he sizes him up -- he laughs. His nose is nearly touching Bucky's.

"What's wrong, pretty boy?"

"You should watch your mouth," Bucky says evenly, "Or I'll fucking cut your tongue out."

You're careful to hide your expression; the feeling the words stir isn't one that you're happy about. This sudden protectiveness, though, makes you feel some sort of invincible.

Igor settles back on his heels.

He steps back.

He gestures to the back room with his head.

You keep walking when he calls out: "Careful, bunny, the dogs are going to be looking for you."

You grit your teeth tightly and push through the fabric curtain.

He barks, taunting you.

Bucky is by your side in an instant, gaze still rooted over his shoulder at the hulking bouncer. He waits until you've settled down until you've said his name. His eyes fall to you, then to the stairwell before them.

Above it, in curled neon tubing, reads The Glass Cannon.

The windows are blacked out, but from his spot at the top of the stairs, Bucky can feel the rattle of a deep bass vibrate his ribs.

"Come on. We're on a time crunch now."

"Alexei?"

You nod as you lead the way down the stairs. "Word travels fast. We need to be quicker. Stick to the crowds. Remember, we just need to find Kiwi -- then we bail."

Bucky nods tensely.

Then, you open the doors.

Immediately, his eyes adjust to the darkness -- neon and strobes and the pulse of purple and pink LEDs make his vision swim. It's warmer down here, and the stairs leading down into the sub-basement is lined with people sipping drinks and chattering over the loud music. It smells like piss and beer and tobacco.

Again, Bucky watches as the person he knows melts away.

The Rabbit in front of him is different.

You reach, as if on reflex, for his hand.

When you turn around and flash him a smile, he has to swallow down a sudden rise of sheepishness.  

The sea of people part around you, and Bucky realizes quickly that people recognize you. He can see their painted lips moving, muttering things into curious ears about the pink-clad woman in front of him; there are smiles there and frowns, and shock. You're slow in your descent, making a show of the arrival -- all while Bucky begins to piece together that The Glass Cannon is larger than he originally suspected.

As they near the bottom of the landing, he can see out across the floor.

There's a square-shaped catwalk around the dance floor, laden with dancers on their designated poles. Tables line the outside of the cavernous room, and the bars along each wall are crowded -- even still, these glimpses of his surroundings come in temporary flashes of light. The music coming from the center of the dancefloor is loud. The entirety of the scene is raucous.

He can't imagine you finding solace here.

He tightens his grip on your hand. You squeeze back.

When both of you reach the bottom of the stairwell, the sea of people swallow you in a current of dancing and drinking and laughing, and you crawl into Bucky's personal space to shout in his ear.

You're still holding his hand tightly, pressed to his chest, as you lean upwards to brush your cheek with his.

"Follow me, okay?"

He nods.

You begin the methodical crawl through the dancefloor, working your way to the bar -- there, you pause long enough to be served a drink that's as pink as the glitter on your eyelids. The flecks dance in the lights, and Bucky graciously accepts a shot from the bartender who smiles sweetly like honey at you.

You bat your lashes, thank her, and stand gracefully from the barstool.

You take a pointed swig and scan the floor.

Kiwi would be in one of the private booths, you suspect -- she was enough of a high roller here. But, with the crowded club bursting at the seams, it was nearly impossible to get to the other side. You sway a bit on your feet, still tightly gripping Bucky's hand in your own. You refuse to let go.

For your sake and his.

Bucky is a silent shadow, eyes roaming the club -- he watches a dancer dip down low and snag a green bill from a patron. Someone beside him laughs loud, another bumping into his backside as you continue to weave to the outer rim of the room. The music is so loud his heartbeat could be mistaken for an 808, and he feels the thrum in his bones.

If he wasn't so overwhelmed, if he was drunk, maybe it could be fun.

Finally, out of the haze of bodies, Bucky can breathe.

You're leaning over again, speaking quickly.

"I don't see her."

"I can't see shit in here," he calls back, eyes moving along the ridge of the room. He scans the booths set into the walls, set up on platforms, and roped off with velveteen, "Where would she be?"

"Hard to tell," you mumble, "But I think I might need to go to Plan B."

Bucky follows your solid stare.

In the booth directly across the floor from you, there's a man in black -- black everything, save from his hair. That's the brightest blue Bucky has ever seen. He's swallowed by a harem of men and women who are laughing and drinking and dancing, and he's entertaining. Ringed fingers wave in the air, face split into a laugh so wide he swears it's a mile long. He's got glasses on and they're tinted blue.

Bucky watches carefully as you move to his booth.

It's like a prey surveying a trap -- you're careful.

Finally, when you stand before it, you let go of his hand.

"Hi there, Climber."

The whole booth falls silent. The man stiffens, back turned to you totally. Bucky watches as his hands fall and slowly, the man you'd called Climber turns around.

His expression is stone cold.

His voice, however, is as warm as a hot poker.

"Oh my goodness, is that Rabbit?"

He ascends from the booth, platform boots leaving him to tower over you -- he's no small man, either. Bucky watches as he bends to kiss both of your cheeks and hug you tightly. He, however, doesn't pull away entirely.

"What the fuck are you doing here," he hisses, "You want to be roadkill?"

"I need to find Kiwi," you whisper quickly, expression almost begging, "Please."

He pauses, dimpled chin wavering a bit. Bucky watches him sniff, push his glasses back, and readjust his posture. Climber licks his lips and his eyes dart to Bucky. He's thinking, Bucky realizes, and after a quick moment of deliberation, he seems to cave.

"Only because I owe you."

"I know," you say, raising your hands, "I know."

In a dash, his demeanor changes once more. He's flying over to his harem, waving his hands and blowing kisses and promising he'll be back in a flash. They whine, they moan, but Climber appeases them with another round of jello shots from strobing syringes that a waitress is carrying by.

"Come on then," he says, "And stop looking like such a prude."

He begins to weave.

You follow hand returning to its spot in Bucky's like a lifeline.

You're sipping your drink, moving through the crowd easily. There's a slight sway in your step now, and at one point you and Climber even get noticed by a pod of people who recognize your faces. It's met with laughing and squealing and in the fray, the both of you slip back into the crowd. Bucky is taking it all in, desperately ignoring the tingle of a panic flaring in the back of his head.


Too many people.


Soon, though, Climber is moving towards a side entrance.

It's a back room.

Suddenly, the dim lights and neon dissolve, and instead, Bucky is flashed in the face with the abrasive sting of fluorescent lights. It no longer reeks of spilled beer, and his boots don't stick to the ground. No, there's quiet chatter back here -- Climber continues to lead the two of you through a maze of supply crates full of booze and soda.

Then, a right turn. And a left turn.

Someone is taking inventory.

"Kiwi, I know you're going to hate me for this--"

The woman who turns around is beautiful. She's in the midst of eyeing an open crate that looks just like the others but fitted with a hollowed center, marking off what looks like an inventory of burner cell phones. Her brown skin is decorated with glitter, her eyes streaked with the same green shade of her tightly shaved head. The green is bright and it reminds Bucky of summer.

Suddenly, her expression sours.

"What the fuck."

"I know--"

"No," she snaps, raising her hand and waving to the assistant beside her to take her tablet and make themselves scarce, "You need to get out of here."

"I need your help," you say finally, tone heavy.

It's enough to make Climber sigh. Kiwi watches you, scratches her neck, and swallows.

She meets Climber's eyes.

Then she breaks.

"Where the fuck have you been, Rabbit?" she asks, worries seeping into her eyes as she pulls you into a rough hug, "We thought you were dead."

"No," you shake your head, "But you know I couldn't be around here anymore."

"Yea," Climber snorts, "Not good for your health, huh, love?"

"Alexei still wants your head," Kiwi chimes in, crossing her arms, "Does he know you're here?"

"Igor was on the door, so I'm sure he's heard by now."

Both of them curse.

Guilt flashes across your face as you screw your eyes shut and nod. "I know. I know, I just... I seriously need your help, Kiwi. It was worth the risk. It's -- HYDRA. I need to tap into the Alexandria Library."

Immediately, the woman stiffens.

Her eyes flash to Bucky in the corner. He stares back.

"He waits outside."

"You can trust him--"

"No," she snaps, "I can't. And I don't. And I won't."

You give Bucky a pleading look. Between the two of you, a negotiation happens between your eyes. It's a compromise, and finally, Bucky relents.

"Fine," Bucky barks, tilting his head and giving you a tight-lipped smile, "Fine. I'll wait out here."

"He's cute," mumbles Climber as Bucky rounds the corner, long legs carrying him out of the supply room, "Boyfriend?"

"Shut up, Climber," you mumble, waving your hand, "Just listen--"

"Who is he?" Kiwi asks, eyes still watching the doorway, "And why did you bring him along?"

You sigh, rubbing your brow. "He's the one who's trying to find this HYDRA agent. He knew her before."

"So he's HYDRA."

"No," you snap cooly, "He's not."

"So, just handsome, then?" Climber asks, hands waving, "Right. Great. Really making a case for yourself, Rabbit."

"He's trying to find a woman named Innessa Sidrova. She was one of the original agents who helped form the American HYDRA cell," you explain quickly, "I've got the GRC breathing down my neck, and... And he's a good person. He's my friend. I'm trying to help him, but I can't do it without you. Both of you."

Kiwi hums. She sighs. "That explains why you went MIA."

"Aside from putting Alexei behind bars?" you scoff, "Yea, the GRC played a part in it."

The three of you are quiet for a moment.

"Fine."

You look up at Kiwi. Her hands are on her waist.

There's an immense wash of relief that floods over you at that moment -- and from the looks of it, Kiwi can tell. You move to grab her hand, and she grabs back. Both of you smile, and the hug that follows is warm. You've missed her. A lot.

"Thank you, Suji."

Then, footsteps.

That relief is traded in for an anxious backfire of fear in an instant.

It's slow. Dress shoes on polished cement.

Then:

"Oh, bunny, bunny, bunny. Tsk, tsk."

Climber and Kiwi's faces upturn to the doorway and they tell you everything you need to know.

So, you decide at that moment that you won't be the prey tonight.

You turn around and come face-to-face with a man playing devil.

Alexei Gardzov is a handsome man -- a beard and piercing grey eyes. His hair is tightly cropped, and intricate tattoos decorate every inch of his skin. Some of them are new, you realize, and there's temporary pride that bubbles up at them. They're from prison.

You almost smile.

Behind him, three goons loom.

"I've been wondering when you'd come hopping back," he croons as he enters the room with the swagger of a man who trapped his dinner, "Well worth the wait, I think."

His cologne hangs like smog in the air. He strolls up to you, and in a flash, he's got your hair in a vice grip.

He yanks it back, you grit your teeth.

The barrel of a gun digs into your cheek.

"Climber, Kiwi, and Rabbit," he sing-songs, "All in one room again like it's NYU's 2014 hack-a-thon. Isn't that cute?"

Kiwi speaks. "Alexei--"

"Shut up," he snaps, gun moving to flash towards Kiwi, "And stay out of my business, Sujina."

The gun's muzzle is cold. He's rough, and you try to ignore the twinge of pain that comes with his unceremonious yank of your hair. Once more, he tsks. His breath is hot on your face. He smells like cigarettes and whiskey.

"I spent seven years behind bars," he bites, "All because a' you."

"Me? I wasn't the one trafficking girls--"


"SHUT UP!"


The pistol cracks across your cheek and the cement floor hurtles towards you. The gasp that falls from your lips is from shock; your fingers dig into the cold ground as you try to blink away the blurriness. Your ears ring. Blood drips from your cheek between your fingers.

Again, there's a hand in your hair.

Now, the fight begins.

Climber and Kiwi are stuck, frozen in fear.

You don't blame them, because Igor and the others have guns already drawn. One of them, one that's young and you don't recognize immediately, has a baseball bat in his hands.

Alexei drags you by your hair as you grimace, refusing to scream. Your heels scrape against the ground as you try to get purchase, but he's quick to throw you back against the far wall.

"Don't worry, Bunny," he smiles, "I won't kill you. Not right now."

Then, a kick.

Right to the ribs.

You can't breathe -- you gasp earnestly at the white, hot shot of pain.

"Get up."

You're not listening, you're too busy trying to catch your breath.

"I said," comes a growl as he reaches, hand in your hair again as he drags you up the wall. Your legs buckle, and you try to hold your chin high as you stumble upwards, "Get up."

Then, there's a hand around your throat.

Tight. Too tight. Can't breathe. Can't breathe. Can't breathe. Can't get his hand off your neck, can't breathe, can't breathe, can't fucking think, can't stand, can't see, can't breathe --


"Boss!"


A new voice.

The pressure is relieved for a second.

A new face has run into the room -- he looks frazzled, hair askew and gun out. He's eyeing the scene before him in a moment's pause.

"Can't you see I'm a little bit busy?" Alexei snags as you gasp, clawing at his hand. He swings his head to the figure in the doorway with an annoyed bark, "What is it?"

"The cops, boss," he stammers, "They're here."

"What?"

"They're here for her, boss."

A slow turn to where his finger is pointing. His gaze lands on you. Alexei laughs.

"Well," he says as the goon disappears, "Isn't that just peachy, bunny?"

The choking starts again.

Then, a metal hand.

Vibranium.

You watch it swing, you watch it grab Alexei's throat.

Suddenly, you can breathe.

Suddenly, Bucky Barnes enters the fight.

You make friends with the ground again as you duck, just as Alexei is rammed into the wall above your head by his throat. As you cough while Kiwi calls your name -- you can hear a fight. But everything's moving slow, and it's not until the first gunshot that you're kicked into action. It's loud. Your skin pricks alive.

Someone screams.

You stumble to your feet, eyes finding Bucky's form moving quickly between the three goons -- the gunshot had come from the pistol that had somehow found its way into Bucky's flesh and blood hand. One of the men is on the floor, suit pants stained with a bullet wound through the thigh. He's wailing. Bucky doesn't notice. Or he doesn't care. Maybe both.

His face is cold.

Another gunshot is fired off, this time richoting between you and Kiwi and Climber and embedding itself into the cement wall overhead. The three of you scream, ducking reflexively.

That's when Bucky snaps.


"Now would be a good time to go!"


Kiwi's hands are on your arm as you quickly break through the doorway through the storage room. Climber is following, checking over his shoulder at the carnage that Bucky begins to reap in the room.

He's hysterical, trying to jog in his white platform boots. "What the fuck, Rabbit!"

Your voice is hoarse. You're clutching your ribs. "Not now, Climber!"

"I'm parked in the back," Kiwi says, ducking through plastic flaps as she helps you through the back of the club, "Come on, we'll go through the trucking entrance."

You hear Bucky call your name -- he's jogging to catch up, gun drawn in his hand. Seems like he made good work of the others, sporting nothing more than a split lip. You turn, pausing for a moment to take inventory of his well-being.

And that's all it takes.

Alexei Gardzov, limping, steps in front of you and Kiwi and Climber at an intersection in the hallway.

There's a gun in his hand.

The first thing you feel is the impact.

Like a truck slamming into you at full speed. For the fourth time tonight, you have the air robbed from your lungs. It's instant confusion.

Then comes the pain. Hot. Hotter than the sun. Hot like white flames. It tears through your shoulder and all you can do is gasp; you're sent into a stutter step -- and while the world around you continues to move, you're busy reconciling with the fact you've just been shot.

A bullet flies by your head.

Alexei Gardzov drops.

You're grasping at your chest, staggering, when Bucky breaks into a sprint -- but you're okay. You're okay, it's just your shoulder, it's just your arm, you're okay, you can feel your fingers and you can breathe and the pain is nearly unbearable but you're okay.

Then, a baseball bat.

It clocks Bucky directly in the skull. He's clotheslined.

It's Igor.

The gun from Bucky's hands clatters across the ground to your feet, and you're too busy trying to get to Bucky to realize -- but, you've got tunnel vision and adrenaline and at that moment, you think a good sidekick doesn't need anything else in this life.

Igor goes to swing at you, but you duck. Your stiletto crushes through the top of his shoe. He screams and in a flurry of pain and panic, you manage to snag the bat quick enough to turn and clock him under the chin with a roll of the wrist.

His teeth clack together and he falls backward, unconscious.

"God, I really wish you could have seen that, Buck."

You spit. Blood paints the ground.

The bat clatters to the cement as you fight through the pain. Kiwi and Climber are by your side in an instant.

"No, no!" she screams, "We do not have time for this--"

"I am not leaving him," you snap, nearly screaming at the woman, "Come on and help me with him. Now."

After a sigh of resignation, Kiwi shoves the gun she'd snagged from the ground into the back of her jeans. You've got your hands around Bucky's ankles as Kiwi and Climber take his torso -- and the four of you make a break for the back entrance. You can hear the cops outside now, and there's the chatter of Russian following you into the back parking lot.

"Hurry up!"

"He's not exactly light as a feather, you know!"


"Shut up, Climber!"


You've got Bucky halfway into the back seat of Kiwi's white Cadillac when another bullet whizzes by your head.

"Fuck."

Kiwi hops into the driver's seat as Climber scatters to hop the hood and throws himself into the passenger's seat. You lean, clinging to the door of the backseat as Kiwi peels out of the parking lot. It swings wide open and you curse loudly. You can see Alexei's men watching from the back entrance, shouting in Russian -- so you muster all your strength to pull back and throw the door closed as Kiwi's car bounces over a speed bump and rams through the parking meter's gate.

In the rear window, the front of the club is surrounded.

Red and blue lights illuminate the street -- but Kiwi is quick.

No one follows.

And when she finally makes it to the Manhattan Bridge, you exhale.

Bucky's head is in your lap. He still hasn't come to -- there's blood coming from his nose and you're worrying. You lace your fingers into his thick, brown hair and chew your lip.

Kiwi's voice pulls you from him.

"When were you going to mention the vibranium arm, huh?"

You laugh. It's more of a breath of air than anything. Your head rests back against the seat. Your shoulder is still on fire. You're hot, but cold. You're bleeding still. Your ribs aren't right. You know that.

"I can't believe he shot you," Climber mumbles, "He fucking shot you."

"And your boy toy shot him," Kiwi says, sparing you a look in the rearview, "So you better pray he's dead."

You ignore the commentary.

"Where are we going?"

"Somewhere safe," she says, accelerating into Manhattan, "Where I can get you those files and you can keep your head down."

Sounds like a plan.

Better than the one you had, anyways.

as per usual, you can find me over at whirlybirbs.tumblr.com!

Panic attacks, gunshot wounds, and the evil neighbor.

I just wanted to say a quick thank you to everyone who's taken the time to read this fic, engage with it, share it on TikTok, reblog it on Tumblr, kudos it here... all of it. If you've even breathed in Vacant Mirror's direction, I owe you a big smooch.

I'm so thankful for the reception this piece has had and I'm so glad you're all enjoying it so far. 

As always, you can find me on whirlybirbs.tumblr.com!

ALSO, EDIT 8/7/21: the BIGGEST thank you to ari (shurisneakers on tumblr) for helping me fix my janky Hindi at the end of this chapter!

Bucky wakes up with a headache that feels like someone's tapped an icepick between his eyes. A fire-bright burn radiates under his ribs.

It's a slow creep back to reality -- he just lays there and stares at the peeling wallpaper that meets the corner of the ceiling for a while, knowing deep in the back of his muddled, confused thoughts that he most likely has a nasty concussion, maybe a few broken ribs.

How? Hm. Fighting. Music? The club. 

Rabbit.

He sits up fast and Bucky's blue eyes struggle to adjust in the low-light of the scarcely furnished apartment. The searing pang of his headache is enough to make his stomach churn, but he's had worse. So much worse. This is manageable. So, he swallows down the nausea and looks around the room like a wounded animal -- and almost immediately, relief greets him at the sight of you in the armchair across from the couch.

Your hair is a mess, falling from it's previous style that you'd proudly worn to The Glass Cannon. Your lipstick is smeared, there's glitter on your cheeks, and your make-up has transitioned from starlet beauty to broken-hearted bombshell. Bucky notices, with a bit of dismay, that you're even missing an earring. There's a nasty bruise forming along the peak of your cheekbone and a gash there from when Alexei had cracked you across the face with the pistol -- and even despite all this, Bucky can feel his heart clench at the sight of you. A good clench. The sort that makes his heart kick into a stutter step.

You look... well, you look like someone who'd had the shit choked out of them and then was shot.


Shot. 


Your jacket, punched clean through with the single bullet hole, is hanging over the back of the chair and there's gauze taped to your shoulder. You're leaning your good cheek in your hand, attention turned totally to Bucky, where you've fallen asleep. From here, you're a picture of exhaustion.

Anxiety flashes in his heart and he swings his legs over the edge of the couch.

Suddenly, there's a hand on his shoulder.

"Take it easy."

It's the woman from before, Kiwi, and she's got an ice pack in her hands. It's wrapped in a ratty, green dish towel, and she hands it off to Bucky with a pitiful little look. Rounding the couch, Bucky finally gets a better look at her.

She's older than you, maybe by a handful of years, but sharp and beautiful nonetheless. Her hair is dark as night and the tips are drenched in a lime-colored dye. Her eyes are dark, too, ringed by kohl and glitter, and Bucky wonders if he's ever seen her before.

"You heal quick," she says quietly as she plops down into the chair across the room. On a makeshift desk, there's a laptop, "Care to explain how you know our dear friend Rabbit here?"

Bucky shifts uncomfortably. Again, his eyes fall on your sleeping form.

He maneuvers the ice pack in his hands, then gently presses it to his ribs. He melts a bit, ignoring the evident tears in the silk shirt. He feels bad -- he'd busted some of the seams in the midst of the brutal scuffle and it seems like this artifact of Jaimie's was most likely beyond salvation.

His dog tags jingle against his chest.

"Therapy," Bucky croaks, "We, uh, we met in therapy."

A new voice comes into the picture now, one that's muffled by a mouthful of food.

"That's cute."

It's the other one, Climber. He's traded in his all-black, all-polyurethane outfit for an expensive-looking t-shirt. Without the strobes, without the tunnel vision, Bucky can now see the intricate buzz cut that sits beneath the mountain of blue curls on his head. There are patterns buzzed into his tight-shave. He's got a smile, too, the glimmers a little too artificially. Bucky spies crystals inset on his incisors between bites of what looks like a bowl of cereal with no milk. Spoon and all.

"I don't think we've properly met," Climber says as he plops down next to Bucky on the couch, "What'd you say your name was?"

A hand is jutted his way. Bucky blinks. He shakes it with his vibranium hand.

"I'm Bucky."

"Well, I'm gay and you're gorgeous," he says candidly, giving it a good shake, "So, if that's of any interest--"

"Can you please shut up, Climber?" comes an irritated rasp from you in your armchair. Bucky turns to watch as you raise your head and rub your eyes, "Christ, I just fell asleep."

"And your little super soldier just woke up," Kiwi chirps from her preoccupation with the laptop and contents on it, "So why don't you stop being a little baby and let him look at that gunshot wound."

Bucky's face falls flat. He drops the ice pack to the coffee table with a thwunk.

You sit up, gingerly trying to maneuver yourself so as to not bother both your ribs and your shoulder. It takes a moment, but finally you're sitting up with only a dull ache of pain throbbing beneath your skin. Now, the real sting comes from the bitter look Bucky has pinned you with.

"You haven't cleaned it yet?"

"The shits in the kitchen," Kiwi waves at Bucky, as if to say told you so, "She fuckin' refused to let me take care of it."

"You're going to get an infection if it stays in you any longer," he snaps, standing to his feet, "Get up."

"Kiwi isn't exactly the most gentle person I know," you manage to supply as an excuse as you move through the room, "And I know that thing isn't coming out without a fight."

He can feel the grey hairs coming in already.

You stand slowly, and Bucky looms behind you as you weave into the small apartment's kitchen.

It's barely lived in, but a few years ago it most definitely had life. Now, it's mostly abandoned save for a few necessities. Kiwi had told you, a long time ago, about this spot -- it was her parent's place before the Snap. After the Blip, they ended up moving back to Massachusetts. Now abandoned by anyone seeking to really live in the one-bedroom, it sits collecting dust until Kiwi inevitably needs it.

Like now.

"Up on the counter."

You wince at his tone, but still thankful to be away from Kiwi and Climber's prying eyes.

For the entire time Bucky had been out, you'd been subjected to a myriad of questions -- all were fair, really, since Bucky did just bust out the Avenger-level super-moves on some Russian mafiosos for your sake, vibranium arm and all. The arm was really the biggest stuck point in the conversation as you tried your best to explain the nature of your relationship with the unconscious supersoldier on the couch. It was met with plenty of looks, both curious and skeptical.

You're slow to hop up on the dusty marble countertop. From there, you watch Bucky poke through the kit that Kiwi had pulled from under the sink.

Then, with the calculated process of a man who has pulled one too many bullets from himself, Bucky slams the kit shut and wanders into the bathroom.

He returns with a pair of large tweezers. He's silent as the dead as he rummages for a pan, fills it with water, and sets the gas burner on. He stares, watching the pot boil, as his foot taps against the floor.

You swallow down any comments.

There's a clean towel beside you, and Bucky casually reached into the boiling water with his vibranium hand to retrieve the tweezers -- whether or not he purposely ignored the pain is lost on you. You're too busy anxiously spiraling into silence.

(He's trying to ground himself, to feel something other than panic. It's a mild spike, but it's still panic. Because you're hurt. Because you still have a fucking casing lodged in your shoulder and he doesn't want anything bad to happen to you. Ever. Because he saw it happen and then it was black, and now that anxiousness is creeping in.)

Rubbing alcohol, tweezers, gauze, tape, and... Jack Daniel's. 

It's from the top of the fridge. It's got a layer of dust on it -- and it's unopened.

Bucky unceremoniously pops the cap and hands the open bottle to you.

You take it and pause.

Bucky's gaze is cold.

"You're gonna want to take a few swigs, Doll."

You almost snarl. You take a long drink then, ignoring the burn of the whiskey down your throat. It's only when you've had enough to nearly gag that you hand the bottle back and then hiss:

"Don't call me Doll."

He takes the bottle and unceremoniously slams it down on the counter.

His movements are rough as he washes his hands -- and if Bucky was a better person, maybe he'd take a second and parse through why he was feeling so damn irritable. But, no, no, he could figure out that he was angry at himself and you and Alexei Gardzov and Innessa Sidrova and fucking... everyone because he can't have any normal relationships in his life without there being bloodshed or pain or suffering. That was enough, and he didn't want to dig deeper into the nipping fear of losing you, not now, not when he had a job to do--

You suck in a sharp breath when his fingers brush your collarbone. He gently moves the delicate strap of your bodysuit, ignoring the soft skin beneath, and pulls the gauze away from your shoulder.

Your jacket had taken most of the impact it seems. Bucky frowns deeply at the pink fibers clinging to the entry wound. It's a nasty puckered bit of flesh, smeared with blood, right in the soft muscle of your left shoulder. The hole is a little smaller than a quarter -- Bucky recognizes it as shot from a 9mm almost immediately. He's taken a few of these in his days. He's glad it wasn't close range. The burns from the muzzle flash make for nasty scars. He'd know. He has one on his back, right above his hip.

Bucky's jaw is tight. He's gritting his back teeth. His headache throbs angrily behind his eyes.

Bucky leans, eyeing the wound carefully. His limited reaction is enough to spark a little light of bravery in your gut, and you move to look at the hole -- only to find a vibranium hand rooting your jaw in place. It's gentle enough as it recorrects the line of your gaze straight ahead. His thumb rests on the curve of your chin as his index climbs your jaw, and the vibranium is warm and cold all at once. It's an odd sensation. Not bad, but not flesh.

You like it.

(You find your mind quickly flashing with the thought of what that hand would feel like in other places. You ignore it.)

Your eyes are stuck on Bucky.

He's clearly upset -- the pinch between his brows and the evident scowl on his lips is enough of an indication. The bridge of his nose is busted and there's a bruise crawling under his left eye. The shirt you'd given him is a wreck, and as he bends to snatch up a rubbing alcohol-soaked pad, the feeling of shame creeps up on you. The anxiousness that's settled in the pit of your stomach doesn't help.

Arguably, it exacerbates the symptom.

The whiskey is slow to make an impact.

But, when Bucky finally swipes the gauze across the wound, your ankles have begun to tingle and it isn't blinding white pain you feel -- not yet. It's sharp and it feels like he's touching your shoulder blade when he presses his fingers into the holes to clean the immediate area. That has you grimacing tightly.

His obsidian-hued hand holds your face still through it.

So, you opt to stare.

His arm reminds you of some pottery you'd seen back at the Museum of Modern Art once, on a school trip. In a dimly lit room, spotlights lit up a row of vases that had been gilded back together with gold-dusted sap. You'd sat there for nearly an hour, staring at those things. You can't remember the name now, not while Bucky does one more pass across the wound. It started with a 'k'. It was beautiful. You loved that exhibit. Why can't you -- fuck -- remember the name? Kinsi... kinsigumi? Gumi. Kintsi --

You grit your teeth and grip the counter tightly. He pauses. You exhale.

You inhale.

Kintsugi.

The seams of his arm remind you of Kintsugi.

It's beautiful.

Bucky's eyes flit to yours. He sees your stare.

Maybe it's the pain, or the half-cocked daze, but the look in your eyes is enough to spur an immediate reaction. Bucky scowls. He yanks his hand back, retreating to the supplies on the counter. He's pulled, hard and fast, and now he seems miles away.

Quietly, and with a bit more chill than he intended, he speaks. "If it was making you nervous, you should have said something."


It. 


Your head snaps to him.

"What?" you ask, nearly incredulously.

He's silent. He has the tweezers in his hand now.

Your eyes narrow critically -- and instead of shame and anxiety, it's hurt that flies off your tongue. It's drenched in enough pain that Bucky hears it in the waver of your voice.

"You think I'm afraid of you?"

It's nearly a whisper.

He swallows.

He ignores it. He has to. He doesn't want to know the answer. Either way that conversation goes is enough to drag him into territory he can't handle right now. Not when he needs to do this without his hands shaking.

"This is going to hurt."

Your mouth is open -- be it shock or anger, he's not sure. Bucky, however, makes a point of ignoring your expression and your reaction by handing over the whiskey once more. You snatch it from his hands quickly. There's a look on your face that makes his chest ache. With one last pass over him with your eyes, you take a long swig.

You feel like crying.

You won't, though. Not now. Not while he does this.

You deserve this.

And holy fucking hell does it hurt. It's like someone's taken a hot poker and punctured your skin, then rotated it around and around and around. You can feel every time the tweezers touch the bullet because the metallic little click echoes in your chest. It's enough to make your head spin, and you grit your teeth and close your eyes and try to breathe -- but even after a handful of minutes, when Bucky finally retrieves the slug, there's no relief. Just a desperate throb.

Your hands are shaking when you reach for the whiskey once more.

You do cry, finally, when Bucky packs the hole.

He rolls the gauze up tightly into a cylinder and, as gently as he can, pushes it in.

It's a horrible choke of pain that you smother into your palm and pant through. It reminds you to breathe, and while you stare up at the water damage on the kitchen ceiling, Bucky tapes a square piece of gauze over the bruised wound and wraps your shoulder tightly. He takes his time, but there's a curtness to his actions.

Finally, when he begins to clean up the mess of bloodied gauze, you speak.

"If you're mad at me, then just say it."

He snaps almost immediately, like a kicked dog. "And say what, Rabbit? That I almost lost you?"

Your mouth slips shut.

Bucky pauses what he's doing. He drops the gauze onto the towel and he bares both hands against the countertop. He leans and exhales and drops his own head back -- then, you can see his own waves of anxiety knocking him against the shore of composure. His eyes move back and forth, he inhales, and then after a long while he speaks.

It's calmer. Not so horribly mean.

"You should have told me about Alexei."

You go to speak -- but he stops you.

"I mean really, really told me," he explains, "Had I known he wanted your fucking head mounted on a spike, I would have kept you far away from that place."

"We had to--"

"No," he says sternly, standing up full height, "No, we didn't. We never have to do anything that's going to put you in danger. Never. I won't do it again. You should have fuckin' told me."

You're quiet.

"A few more inches to the right," he says, gesturing to your throat with his finger. His eyes are expressive and he's speaking like he's lived this experience, "You'd be dead. Cold and dead and I'd be here, carrying the fucking guilt around with me because I wouldn't have been able to do anything." 

His voice splinters at the end -- but he's moved to throw away the gauze and dump the tweezers in the sink. He can't look at you as he says it, and you know that. Because, just like before, people like you and him have a hard time looking the truth in the eyes.

You slide off the counter.

Your heart is sad. It's heavy and mournful and weighed down with guilt.


"Bucky."


It's soft. He's scrubbing your blood from his hands.

He doesn't turn around. He can't. He can feel the prick of an anxious breakdown beginning to climb into his eyes. Instead, he scrubs and scrubs and scrubs and your blood is stuck in the plating of his hand and it's not going to come out--

Think of what could have happened if it had been a few inches to the right. The arched spray. Blood everywhere. She can't speak through the gargle, she's going cold, she's gone. And, like always, you're alone again, Bucky.

Then, your hands are on his.

The touch is enough to stop him. It's enough for him to move aside at the large, inset kitchen sink. You exhale slowly as you run the water a little warmer and gingerly run his hands under the tap. Your hands are smaller than his, a bit more delicate, and he's stunned into a sharp silence at the feeling of your fingertips gently washing away the crimson blood.

You grab another dishtowel from a drawer beside the stove.

Then, in the dim light of the kitchen, you take both his hands and dry them.

It's the vibranium hand that you pay special attention to, though. And Bucky feels like a fucking idiot -- just standing there, just watching as you run the rag between the gilded plating and use gentle pressure to get into the harder-to-reach spots. You turn it over, and you dry his knuckles.

You take your time.

You don't look up when you speak. You're focused. Almost reverent.

He doesn't deserve this.

"I'm not afraid of you," you say sternly.

His mouth is dry. "Rabbit..."

Bucky shifts on his feet and takes a deep inhale. He feels lightheaded.

The whiskey, and the closeness of the two of you, makes your skin warm. His whole nervous system feels like it's on fire.

"I didn't mean to stare, I don't ever mean to," you apologize as your hands still over his arm. He watches your irises trace the plating above his wrist. The rag is forgotten, its purpose null. Your words are heavy, and Bucky can hear a little shake in them as you swallow, "I just... think it's beautiful."


You're beautiful.


Even now, blood-soaked and sweat-stained. With makeup running down your cheeks and your composure in shambles. Even now, on the run and apparently wanted, you're incredibly beautiful. Bucky hates how easy it is to admit and how hard it is to keep off his tongue. It nearly gets the better of him. He watches your eyelashes flutter. When you look up at him, the world is suddenly drowned in honey.

"I'm sorry."

You mean it.

Your bottom lip wobbles.

Bucky, immediately, regrets being so goddamn cold.

You were just trying to help -- you were just trying to do the right thing.

"Stop it. Come here."

The hug is the first time you can remember touching him like this. You think you'll always remember it, too. It's sturdy and warm and gentle and honest and you bury your face into the shoulder as his arms come up around your neck. He's careful of your own injured shoulder, and his fingers find the base of your neck. Around his waist, your fingers dig into the back of his shirt. Both of you ground yourselves in the other's arms, and for the first time in a handful of hours, you both find peace.

Quiet, sturdy, lovely peace.

And the two of you stay like that for a while in the quiet little kitchen.

It's not until Climber's voice rises from the living room that you're pulled away from Bucky -- and even then, your face linger inches from one another for a moment too long. Neither of you say a word, only swallow down confessions that could have been, and move on.

"Oh, girlie, you're gonna wanna see this."

Bucky frowns. With your brows knotted tightly together, you weave through the kitchen and back into the living room.

Kiwi has sat up and both she and Climber have their eyes on the bulky flat screen on the dust-covered entertainment center. It's cable news, and as Climber leans to turn the television up, a picture of you flashes across the screen.

It's a photo from your arrest six months ago.


"Local authorities are asking that anyone with information on the whereabouts of this young woman call the FBI's anonymous tip line--"


"Is there a reward?" Climber whispers almost excitedly, eyes on the screen.


"--Authorities are offering $100,000 dollars to the person who provides enough information to lead up to this dangerous fugitive's capture."


"Dangerous fugitive?" hisses Bucky.

"A hundred thousand dollars?" cries Kiwi, "Who the fuck did you piss off?"

You inhale deeply as you wave your hands. "The bigger question is who the fuck knew I was going to The Glass Cannon last night. Because they're looking for me -- not you."

You point at Bucky and the gears are turning in your head.

The pacing is almost immediate, and Bucky crosses his arms tightly as you begin to walk back and forth behind the full-length couch that Climber is currently spread out on.

It's cut short, though, by Kiwi's laptop chiming successfully.

"Well," she stands quickly, "I have a feeling that someone knows you're onto them. And the facial recognition software just got a match. A three-point one, too."

Your eyes brighten.

You'd given Kiwi the photo of the young Innessa, with all her decorated furs and blonde curls. She's laughing and she's young and she's in love and it's hard for you to imagine a woman like her to be dangerous. While you'd made sure Bucky was propped up comfortably on the couch and then finally calmed down from the adrenaline high enough to get comfortable yourself, Kiwi had dug out the hard-drive she kept on her at all times and began pulling data from the Alexandria Library files.

It had been a handful of hours, so it was clear that Innessa had hid herself well in the vast, expansive database SHIELD kept for all those years while it was in operation.

Bucky is quick to gather behind Kiwi, eyes scanning the screen.

Sure enough, when you come to look at the photos pulled up on Kiwi's screen, there's a hit. There's an identification card photo of an older woman, maybe in her forties, pulled up alongside the photo Bucky had given you. Her hair is no longer blonde, but deep auburn color. She's marked as having worked with Rumlow -- a supervisor of some sort. Makes sense. You didn't need to see a picture of Crossbones to remember Brock. Even when you'd interned, he'd been infamous.

And that was when he was one of the good guys.

There's a handful of other photos of her -- candids, professional photos, and even one where she is shaking Tony Stark's hand.

And in all of them, you see your next door neighbor Bonnie McLayne.

"Fuck."

Bucky blinks. Kiwi turns to look at you over her shoulder.

Again, you speak. Your eyes are wide. You can't look away from the screen.

"Fuck, fuck. Fuck. Fuck."

"Rabbit...?"


"Fuck."


Bucky's face narrows considerably, confusion melting to make room for realization.

His voice is quiet.

"Do you know her?"

"Oh my god," you say loudly, shaking your head and blinking, "Oh my fucking god, that's my neighbor."

Bucky can feel his whole face go clammy.

"The neighbor who--"

"--Who I showed your fucking picture to," you nearly shriek, "Like it was some cute little matchmaking game!"

Immediately both hands are over your face as you throw your head back. Now, the pacing has begun, and like you're being carried on autopilot, you begin to move back and forth and back and forth and--

"You don't think she'd hurt Poke, do you?"

"Rabbit."

"Oh god, oh god--" 

Oh.

Oh, you're having a panic attack.

Oh, that was quick. Brutally fast. Nearly immediate.

After all, she knows where your family lives. She gets Holiday cards from mom to give to you. She's been your closest friend for nearly six years. But she's not Bonnie, she's Innessa fucking Sidrova. She's seen you with Bucky. She knows -- she knows a lot and you don't know anything and you're miles from home, from Poke, from Mom, from Ana... Oh, god, the baby. The baby. 

"The baby."

Bucky's voice is level. "Rabbit, you gotta calm down."

"I have to call my mom."

"No," Kiwi snaps immediately, "They're going to be watching for your cell phone pings. No calls, no texting, none of it. And god forbid this woman is one step ahead of the FBI--"

"Oh, god."

You gasp like a fish out of water, paralyzing fear sending you to lean against the back of the couch.

You claw at your chest and try to remember what Dr. Hart said about these sorts of moments. Square breathing. In and hold and out and hold. Again and again.  

"Sit down," Bucky says as he returns to your side, nearly sweeping you up long enough to plop you down into the armchair from before, "And do me a favor and breathe."

The whiskey isn't helping right now.

"I'm trying."

Another gasped breath.

Climber and Kiwi watch.

Bucky shakes his head sternly, kneeling on one knee and snagging your hands. "Don't try. Just do it. You can do it. Just follow my lead -- you're the sidekick, after all. Remember? C'mon. There's the smile. Breathe."

So you do.

In, hold. Out, hold. You draw a square with one hand on your jeans and hold onto Bucky's with the other.

Again, in and hold. Out and hold.

And again.

And then, you just listen to Bucky's breathing.

You're not sure how long it takes -- half an hour, ten minutes, who knows -- but finally you're able to calm the spiraling thoughts in your head. Finally, the loudness quiets down, you catch your breath, and the world isn't falling apart. The bite of anxiety still remains in the hollow of your chest and Bucky can see that when you finally open your eyes and squeeze his hand.

There's that look again between the two of you. The one from before, in the kitchen.

"Good?" he asks quietly, blue eyes swimming with some sort of emotion you can't really pin down. Not now. Maybe, if you'd been a bit more collected, you would have seen it as infatuation. But, no. It's just... nice.

You swallow and nod.

"Damn, girl," says Climber from his spot on the couch, "Now I'm starting to get the whole therapy thing."

"Thanks, dickhead."

"That's recent, isn't it?" he asks, genuine worry crossing his face as he stands to gently pass a hand over your back, "I don't remember it ever being this bad."

Your face is sad. "I was just partying through it back then. Distraction was always the best method and then... When I had no more distractions and it was just me? Alone? And, psh, the accident with Jaimie? It got worse. So much worse."

Climber's eyes soften. "I'm sorry, bunny."

You try to put on a brave face.

Bucky stands from in front of you and begins his own pacing. This one isn't so much born out of anxious nature -- but more of a tactical logic born out of keeping you safe.

This wasn't exactly the turn he was expecting.

"You didn't recognize her?" he asks after a moment, voice high and tight.

"I'm sorry," you wave a hand, exasperated, "She doesn't exactly look the same as she did in the 70s."

Kiwi frowns at the screen. "Definitely botox."

Bucky squints. He looks to you for an explanation.

You vaguely gesture to your face.

His brow lifts, he closes his eyes, and he sighs.

Kiwi is next to pipe up. "It explains why the feds are looking for you, especially if she saw you with the one man she knows is looking to hunt her down -- so, I think it's best the both of you lay low for a couple of days."

"Not to mention," Climber wags a finger, "Bucky the Babe over here did just piss off one the smaller Russian crime families in New York. So, there's always that on top of the evil Nazi-HYDRA-woman-next-door."

You groan.

"Poke has enough food for a week," Bucky says nearly reading your mind, "He'll be fine."

"So, what? We just wait here? Until something happens?"

"Sidrova is going to try and bait us out," Bucky mutters, "She knows she can't just disappear. She's been settled for too long and we know too much. Engaging us in an altercation is how she'll do it. Plus, I have a feeling she wouldn't pass up an opportunity to shoot me in the knees after a few decades. So, we wait."

"Few decades?" Kiwi whispers.

"How old are you?" Climber asks.

"Hundred and six."

Both of them just blink at an unphased Bucky.

You sigh, finally standing on wobbly legs. "This feels like a bad idea. I'm just stating that for the record."

"Better than her hunting the both of you down," Kiwi supplies, "You can stay here. There's cable, there's booze, and there's plenty of instant ramen to last you until winter."

"Stale cereal, too."

"Wait-- where are you two going?" you ask, narrowing your eyes, "You're leaving?"

"Keeping our hands clean," Kiwi says, closing her laptop, "And letting you be the sidekick, bunny."

The sadness in your heart grows a little heavier at those words, but there's a little bit of pride in Kiwi's tone. As she stands, she moves to wrap her arms around you in a gentle hug. Quietly, she murmurs into your hair.


"Your dad would be proud of you, y'know."


Bucky watches.

Climber is next, and that hug is bigger, more brotherly, more like sunshine and less like autumn.

"Don't be a stranger, Rabbit."

"I'm sorry," you blurt out as the two of them gather their belongings, "For dragging you both into this. But, thank you. You didn't have to help me--"

"Yeah, we did," Kiwi chirps as she knocks Bucky on the arm three times, "Keep her safe, khoobsurat ladka."

The Hindi rolls off her tongue with ease.

Bucky laughs. "Phir milte hai."

Kiwi pauses mid-step. She narrows her eyes. There's a smile on her lips. "Your pronunciation isn't bad."

He shrugs plainly. "I get lunch almost every day at the Indian place below my apartment, so. The owner has been teaching me some stuff on the side."

An approving nod.

Kiwi hucks you the keys across the room.

She points at Bucky.

"I like him. Try not to fuck that up, eh?"

And then, the two of them are gone.

And it's just you and Bucky in the empty apartment.

On the run, but together.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

"So, you don't have any Avenger friends that could help us out of this one?"

You're laying on the carpet, parallel to Bucky's lounged pose on the sofa. You've been staring at the ceiling for the three and a half hours since Kiwi and Climber left, half shocked at how anticlimactic this is and half relieved there's been no grandiose threat on your life or, like, the entirety of New York City.

That would kinda suck. You've lived through enough world-stopping superhero conflicts to know that would just be an inconvenience at this point. Bad for traffic. Y'know? Plus, taxes went up enough after the Battle of New York. You really weren't looking for a repeat. You could barely afford rent.

Not like you're worth a world-stopping inconvenience, but Bucky's little mission to bring down a remaining HYDRA pawn was. Whether or not he liked it, you'd filled the role of sidekick pretty readily. Turns out there are consequences to actions like that.

And I mean, this is all sort of a lot to process -- hence why you're on the floor. Just... laying there.

Bucky's on the couch; he commandeered the Jack Daniel's rather quickly after assessing the booze stash Kiwi kept in a cabinet above the sink. He's leaned back against the pillows, boots discarded and jacket long forgotten. His attention is mainly on the PBS special on The Dust Bowl playing on the television above your head. The room is dark and Bucky's features are carved out by the light of the program's grainy 1930 photography.

"They aren't my friends," he says absently, taking a swig from the handle, "So no."

"Seriously?" you ask, sitting up with your hair askew, "Come on. You're likable. Fun. Even funny, sometimes, I'll give you that. You can't call in a favor? What about Falcon?"

Bucky spares you a deadpan look. "Don't go there."

You shrug, take that as the best answer you'll get, and then squint at the handle.

"Christ, Bucky," you whisper at the now half-empty bottle, "Feelin' alright?"

"No," he says with a bit of disappointment, "It's water."

"It's really not," you muster as you slowly stand to your feet and ignore the hot flare of pain in your shoulder, "It's actually the complete opposite."

"Well, it tastes like water," he mumbles, "Just worse."

You snort quietly as you round the couch. He offers the handle as you pass him and you pause long enough to take a swig. You grimace, swallow it down, and ignore the burn in your stomach.

Your fingers brush his as you hand the bottle back.

You disappear around the back of the couch.

Bucky's attention, like always, has now been traded in favor of you -- he's finding it hard to pay attention on the PBS show when you're not in his immediate vicinity. Almost on cue, Bucky wonders if that anxiety will ever ease up. He listens and hears you begin puttering in the kitchen. You mumble a few curses, open and close a few cabinets, then sigh loud enough that it makes Bucky turn his head over the edge of the ratty couch to eye your shadow against the tile floor.

"Everything alright in there?"

"I need to change," you call back with a dash of tenseness he's been picking up in your voice since they've made it to the safehouse, "And shower. And eat--"

"And change your gauze," he shouts, "So go shower and when you get out, I'll reapply a clean set."

You tiredly stomp back into the doorway. You stand there for a second.

Bucky does a double-take.

"What?"

"You know when you're just so," you wave your hands around your head, "Wound up? And you just can't slow down?"

Bucky frowns. It's no wonder you're still anxious -- after all, the waiting game wasn't easy. He'd be lying if he said that he wasn't also wound up like a top, waiting for the next fight. It's a bad habit, and an old one. Bucky shifts on the couch and leans his arm against the back of the cushions.

"You haven't sat still since they left," he explains slowly, "So c'mon. Sit down."

"I feel gross."

Bucky gestures to his current state; blood and sweat, and a silk shirt that's torn along the shoulders and back. His black jeans are dirty from the dragging, no doubt, and the busted part of his nose is starting to turn purple. It's safe to say he's seen better days -- and as you round the couch again to sit on the edge, you scratch your arm.

"You don't... feel..." again, the finger-wagging, "Overwhelmed?"

"Almost always," he says as he pats the cushion closest to him. You scootch over as he lays his head back and fiddles with the Jack Daniel's bottle, "I'd say about, uh, 98% of the time?"

"You're good at hiding it."

"Like a horse with blinders," he clicks, turning his head to offer a sympathetic look, "So relax. I doubt Innessa is going to make a move tonight."

You huff, hips bumping his. You lean to peel the thigh-high boots off and toss them unceremoniously under the coffee table. You stretch your legs, lean back, and if you close your eyes you could almost imagine you and Bucky back on that couch in the waiting room of Dr. Hart's office. Almost. You can hardly sit still.

"How's your head?" you ask quietly, eyes watching the photography roll by of the dust-ridden prairies, "Any better?"

"He rang my bell pretty good," Bucky shrugs, staring ahead, "Not the worse, though."

"You were pretty skilled with those tweezers," you mumble, head lolling back as you finally find a comfortable position. Your legs are tucked up, your arms pulled close. You're half leaning on Bucky's good arm, but he doesn't seem to mind.

"I've picked a good number of bullets out of myself before."

"Really?"

He nods. Bucky settles deeper into the cushions and rubs the stubble along his cheek. He braces the handle of whiskey on his thigh and turns his head slightly to look at you in the low light of the living room.

"More than I care to admit," the look in his eyes is sad.

You frown.

You pull your arms around yourself a little tighter and fix your attention on the TV. If you look at him for much longer, you're convinced you'll implode. There's just... feelings. A lot. You're feeling a lot. Feelings are cool. And you've wanted to feel but... not now. Not right now. If the casual numbness you've been living with for the last five years could just, yknow, come back for a day or two? That'd be great. It definitely would make things a little easier to process.

Especially the indescribable feeling that hits you like semi everytime Bucky looks at you.

"Well," you say softly as you swallow down the emotional heartburn, "I owe you."

"I can say with confidence that making you pull a bullet out of my ass is the last way I want you repaying a debt to me."

You snort. Bucky is smiling. Barely there, and mostly a tug at the corners of his lips, but it's a smile.

He offers the bottle of Jack Daniels and you wave him off. "All yours, Mr. Avenger."

He sips it and raises a finger as he does. After swallowing roughly, Bucky turns his head again to shoot you a look. "Not an avenger."

"You sort of are."

"No," he corrects you, "Definitely not."

You turn, facing him fully. Your expression is comical. "Why not?"

"I'm not a hero," another swig, "That's why."

"You saved my ass."

"Yeah, well, you're my friend," Bucky explains with as much distance from his words as possible, knowing full-well he's walking into a trap of his own creation, "And I care about you."

"So, what," you lean your good arm back against the cushions, "You're saying you wouldn't do the same thing for someone you didn't know?"

Bucky clears his throat. After a moment, he speaks. It's quiet.

"I would. But there are a lot of people who don't believe I would."

Your face falls.

Bucky glances at you out of the corner of his eye.

Then, he exhales.

"Steve was the only one who really believed in me," Bucky fiddles with the cap of the handle, "Even Sam -- Falcon, y'know -- he had plenty of reason to distrust me. All of them did. Especially Stark. And I don't blame them in the fuckin' slightest."

He takes a bitter swig.

He sits up, enough to lean forward on his knees.

"I wasn't always like this."

"Really?" you say, trying to lighten up his apparent flare of melancholy, "Coulda fooled me, I thought you came out of the womb with that metal arm."

Bucky scoffs. It's mostly to himself. But, you take credit.

"I mean -- I mean I wasn't always alive," he leans back as his eyes find his vibranium hand, "I was, sure, but... It wasn't my life. They called me an asset -- and honestly, between the brainwashing and the IV bags and the muzzle and the flash-freezes... I dunno. Sometimes I forget to be thankful I can walk down the street and order a coffee."

Your face falls. You're quiet for a while after that; you sit with the words. All you can muster is a very quiet reply.

"That sounds like it could be really overwhelming."

"Oh, yeah," he replies almost immediately, his brows raising as he stares off into the distance, "The first time I ever ordered lunch for myself -- y'know, after the Blip when I'd come back to New York? I had a fuckin' breakdown in the middle of a Tasty Burger. Too many choices. I stood there like a dunce. Just froze up over a milkshake flavor."

You scoff quietly out of relatability. You prop your head in your hand and watch his expression settle down. "It's weird how it's always the small stuff, huh?"

"Always," his head turns as he nods, "And haircuts. I... I can't do haircuts."

You quirk your brows. Bucky notices.

He opens his mouth, pauses, then closes it. Almost like he's trying to figure out how to explain it -- but then he takes his forefinger and presses it gently to the base of his skull.

"They would wipe me," he explains slowly, "And everytime, they'd sedate me and shear me like a sheep. Made it easier with the, fuckin'... uh, things. Oxygen and feeding tube and everything. And there was a chip back here -- just for tracking. And I remember... it was in the 90s... One of the agents in charge of preparing me for the ice tried to shave my head."

His face warps. It's pain. He stares off past the TV.

"I killed him," he says slowly, "So no more haircuts."

You blink. Your expression remains calm, however, and Bucky's anxiety eases up at that. You gesture to the short crop of his hair now. "What changed?"

"It was too long," he mutters, "Kept thinking how my mum would roll in her grave if she saw it. So, I went to a barbershop in Brooklyn. And it was fuckin' terrifying."

Your smile is gentle. "But, you did it."

Bucky's expression hesitates. He's drawn in by your smile, and ducks his head. It's almost bashful.

"Yeah, well, I looked like Rapunzel."

"I'm sure it wasn't that bad," you chastise and knock his shoulder with your hand, "Don't be dramatic."

Bucky snorts. "Listen, I don't have much to work with. The hair is usually my saving grace. Has been all my life."

"Oh my god," you drop your head back as you groan, "Do I need to buy you a mirror?"

Suddenly, you spy a look -- it's boyish, and suddenly he looks years younger. Not so much one hundred and six, but maybe twenty-six. Bucky's expression flits into one that's sunny, and he tugs the corners of his mouth down as he shrugs. He's gloating, almost, as he leans back against the sofa once more.

"I mean, you could always just tell me I'm better looking than Steve," he chirps, shrugging again, "But, c'mon. We both know that's a lie--"

Your jaw falls open.

Then, Bucky finally laughs.

You, frantically, wave your hand between the two of you. "I'm sorry, we were just having a nice moment, but no -- you had to drag Captain America into this...?"

"It's my deepest insecurity."

"Clearly," you chirp and slap his arm, "And I think it's a stupid insecurity. Along with the whole, 'I am no hero' thing. Just because you were forced to do bad things, doesn't mean you're a bad person, Buck. You're great. You're kind and you're caring and even if you're a little broody, all that other stuff is still true. And fuck HDYRA."

You both share a knowing nod.

His silence is contented. Comfortable.

You take it as a cue to turn your attention back to the television -- but, almost as soon as you do, he speaks tenderly.

His focus, again, is on you. Completely, totally, whole-heartedly.

"I like when you call me Buck."

"Better than Jimbo," you chirp, trying to smother the desperate ache in your heart. You catch his gaze for a second too long -- just like before -- and squirm against the sofa, "Or Jimmy."

"Watch it, Bunny."

Your frown is immediate.

Your face feels hot.

"Shut up."

He snickers to himself. He leans back, and the two of you watch that stupid PBS documentary.

At some point, you're not sure when, you fall asleep.

It isn't the best sleep seeing as you're curled up into a ball on the sofa, having collapsed towards the other end and carefully steering clear of disturbing your little injury from last night. However, when you wake up, the sun is out and there's a blanket over your shoulder and the shower is running.

The first few seconds of being awake is met with confusion -- mostly because Bucky is gone.

Then, you hear the humming.

Quiet and muffled.

You swing your legs over the edge of the couch and stretch out the nasty kink in your back before hobbling up and rolling your neck. Almost immediately, you miss Poke -- he would have already pestered you for breakfast by now. But, no.

Off the kitchen is a hallway that leads to the master bedroom. In there, the shower is running, and in there, you hear the continued melody. But then it stops, and then he starts humming again -- almost like he'd forgotten how it went. It's hesitant. Quiet. Slow. Deep.

For a minute or so, you stand there and you listen.

Rubbing your eyes, you laugh a little. You lean against the doorframe to the master bedroom. Then, you knock on the frame twice.


"Son of a bitch." 


It clearly scared him enough to jump because the clatter of shampoo and soap is enough to make you croak out a quiet little laugh. Bucky, beyond the other wall, sighs loud enough that you can hear it. You stand there, leaning against the doorframe, and watch the steam seep from the partially cracked door to the master bathroom.

"Vera Lynn called," you say loud enough that he can hear, "She's wondering what you'd like for breakfast."

After a second or two, the water shuts off. Then, after some rummaging, Bucky's face appears in the crack of the door. His hair is a mess -- you can tell he'd just run the towel he's clutching around his waist over it. It's sticking up in an array of dishevelment.

"Do me a favor," he chirps, narrowing his eyes at your evident smirk, "And tell Vera to fuck off."

You drop your head back and laugh.

As you meander back to the kitchen, you call over your shoulder:

"That's no way to talk to a lady, Sergeant Barnes!"

Kiwi's stockpile is pretty meager. It was evident she really didn't find herself spending time in this apartment often -- there are the bare essentials in the cabinets and fridge, and arguably way too much canned food. But, there are half-stale Cheerios that you happily pour into a bowl and munch on as Bucky finishes up in the bathroom.

You do a double-take when he comes into the kitchen.

"Could that shirt be any tighter?"

He rolls his eyes as he ducks past you to the coffee pot.

"I found it in the closet -- Kiwi had a few things in a bin under the bed, too. So, if you wanna change out of..." he gestures vaguely to the open back of your bodysuit, "Be my guest."

Your brows climb your face as you take another bite of a handful of Cheerios.

"Oh, right, I forgot," you wave him off, "Grandpa gets nervous around too much skin."

"That cannot be comfortable," he says almost immediately as to avoid your dig; he leans back against the counter, "I mean, how do you even get into that thing--"

You turn to face him, and in that moment, catch him pulling verified elevator eyes.

He clears his throat and purposely turns back to the coffee pot.

You laugh.

"Go ahead," you chirp as you chew, "Keep going, you're almost starting to sound believable."

"Shut up."

You finish the cereal quickly, dumping the bowl in the sink. On the way by, you toss Bucky an amused look. He's sipping his lukewarm coffee as you do. With a solid pat on the arm, you turn on your heel and weave through the kitchen after calling out:

"If I need any help getting it off, I'll make sure to ask."

He opts to keep his mouth shut, grit his jaw, and sip his coffee.

The bathroom isn't anything special -- in fact, it reminds you of your own bathroom when you first moved in. This space is a bit neglected, a bit older, and the shower is a tub-style stall. It's not horrible. It could be worse. The water is still warm, too, from Bucky's earlier shower, so it doesn't take long for it to heat up.

Your reflection is a little startling.

You almost laugh -- your hair is a tangled mess, your make-up is looking more like an impressionist painting by the minute, and the nasty gash across your cheek has swollen partially. It's a delicate lilac color, and a deeper red by the inch-long cut. You turn your head and gently touch your cheek.

You wince.

Your reflection, however, is different.

In the last five years, all you've known is vacant mirrors.

Seeing yourself was enough to kick the daily dissociation into action -- and though you knew the slope of your nose, the quirk of your smile, the round of your cheeks, you never really knew the woman staring back at you. She was far-away, and you were somewhere else. Never here, nor there.

But, now?

You're here.

You're bruised and you're bloody but you're here.

Despite it all, it makes you smile.

It is, admittedly, getting your bodysuit off that ends up being the biggest obstacle. Not-so-shockingly, getting shot in the shoulder does a lot insofar as impeding your movement. Wild. Absolutely didn't see that coming -- or, well, maybe you didn't want to admit the fact getting shot wasn't all it was cracked up to be in the movies. It was more poetic in a Tarantino film.

But, your pride be damned. You end up getting the bodysuit off. And it only takes about, like, fifteen minutes of sweating and cursing.

Half-way through, Bucky knocked on the bathroom door, too. Gently, he asked if you need any help. With the suit half off and your pants flung unceremoniously in the corner, you'd bashfully hollered that you were fine! Totally fine!

(Not fine, definitely not. Your neck was cramped up.)

You do, however, stand under the water for a while. You're overly careful of not getting the gauze too wet, and you decide that this is the only time you'll ever settle on using a three-in-one, but after about 16 hours of sitting in your own blood, sweat, and tears, this shower was perfect.

When you finally shut the water off and step out, there's another careful knock on the door.

While you'd taken your time in the shower, Bucky had paced outside like a guard dog.

In all fairness, it was the pained curses that brought him into the master bedroom the first time. Then, he'd decided that he'd dig out some t-shirts that were about your size from the bin in the closet. There's one from a vacation with California scrawled across it. It's faded, but it looks like it will fit. There's even more clean undergarments in the dresser to the side. Clearly Kiwi's. Bucky feels a little weird tossing a pair on the bed, so, like a grown man he quickly shuts the drawer and makes a note to let you know.

Y'know, like a grown man with a bad case of heart-eyes for his best friend.

Hell, he'd watched you fall asleep like he was cradling his whole world last night -- and he caught himself doing it, too. All he could do was rub his face, curse, and try to push those feelings down and out.

It hadn't worked.


Big surprise there, James.


Bucky clears his throat as he knocks on the bathroom door.

He's got the first aid kit under his arm.

You open the door and steam surrounds you like a halo. Bucky blinks a few times, tries to ignore the dewy glow on your face as you smile sheepishly at him, and rattles the first aid kit in his hands.

"I'll be quick."

You nod and pull the door open.

Immediately, his face is hot. You clutch the cream colored towel around you as wet tendrils of hair cling to the sides of your face. Bucky sets up the kit on the counter of the sink as you lean backwards against the quartz countertop. He ignores the way the towel falls along the tops of your thighs. Or, well, tries. He makes a point of taking his time digging out the right gauze and the right tape.

It's a lost cause.

"I put some clothes out for you."

"I guess the body suit is a lost cause, huh?"

You're smiling.

He snorts softly through his nose. He spares a look at the crumpled pile of clothes in the corner.

"I was nervous I was going to have to bring the jaws of life."

"You almost did," you jut your chin in the direction of your shoulder, "Didn't realize how bad this hurt."

Bucky frowns as he enters your personal space. Carefully, he reaches to pull at the edge of the tape keeping the square piece of gauze in place, his eyes flick up to your face. He's looming over you, head tilted down, lip pulled between his teeth in quiet concentration.

Your eyes find his face.

He's handsome.

You remember thinking it the first time you ever saw him -- and it's still true. Even with a busted nose and a nasty bruise forming under his eye. He's tall, dark, and handsome. He's your best friend.

And even worse, you're starting to think these feelings for him aren't going to go away anytime soon.

Almost immediately, you're caught in the act of tracing his features with your eyes; his blue eyes connect with yours and the two of you stop breathing. The closeness is smothering. It's like the world stops -- and there's a feeling like plunging into the deep end that falls into the pit of your stomach. His fingers still against your skin.

Then, ever so delicately, his thumb and forefinger find your chin like before. He guides your face to the side; his breath is tight. It tickles your neck.

He's trying to focus.

You try to catch your breath.

You stare at the wall.

Bucky's voice is quiet. Smooth.

Suddenly, he's tracing a scar on the underside of your jaw with the tip of his finger. It's a contemplative action but the trail of his touch burns like a match on gasoline. It ignites your skin. You inhale deeply.

"I never noticed this."

His fingers still over your throat.

Your voice shakes. You swallow.

"It's from the car accident."

You pull your hair back and gesture to another set into your hairline by your temple.

Bucky watches as he reaches for the new roll of gauze. As you begin to talk, he's quick with cleaning out the packed wound -- quick enough that you only have time to wince before he's moved on.

"When, uh, the Snap happened," you say, "We were taking a trip up to see a house outside of Albany that Jaimie and Fei were looking to buy. My mom was driving and Jaimie was in the backseat and... I dunno. Next thing I know, Mom is gone. I remember being so confused, and then I tried to grab the wheel, and then... We hit the median at 70 miles per hour. It all happened fast."

Bucky's silence is mournful. His eyes find yours.

"I'm sorry, Rabbit."

"It wasn't only us," you fiddle with the hem of the towel, "Accidents were happening all up and down the highway. It was... It was like a fuckin' warzone. Jaimie was ejected. The car crumbled like a paper ball. I'm lucky, though. Broke my arm, but I only have those two scars to show for it."

He runs his thumb along the new line of tape he's put down.

"You and I both know," he says slowly, "Shit like that leaves different sorts of scars."

He's right.

But, you don't need to tell him that.

He smoothes the gauze, clicks the first aid kit shut, and turns towards the door.

For the rest of the day, your skin feels like it's been kissed by fire.

Bucky can't sleep.

Considering he's been up for a grand total of about 45 hours, he was hoping that the moment he'd sprawled himself out on the apartment floor, he'd pass out. But, no. Instead, he found himself tossing and turning for about three hours on the hardwood -- and then for another two on the couch. Every time he'd get even remotely comfortable on that ratty old couch, he'd roll and nearly throw himself off. Truth be told, he was just too long for it.

So, that's how Bucky finds himself staring at the door of the master bedroom at 10:47pm.

You'd gone to bed a handful of hours ago after scarfing down some ramen and tylenol -- leaving Bucky to surf the handful of cable television shows until he settled, once again, on PBS. This time, the documentary was on badgers. Pretty quickly, he'd turned on CSPAN and let it run. The background noise usually helped him fall asleep and stay asleep, but nothing was working tonight.

There's a part of him that wonders if the bed would be a viable option.

After all, he'd unceremoniously passed out in his apartment's bed the night you'd first tried to dig up dirt on Innesaa. But, you're in that bed, and Bucky is having a bit of crisis trying to figure out if sleeping on a mattress would actually help, or if a part of him is just yearning to be close to you.

... Okay, part of him is yearning to be close to you.

That's a given.

A horribly cruel given that's currently making him press his palms into his eyes and lean back into the couch.

Fuck.

Fuck, fuck, fuck.

Whatever, y'know what? Fuck it.


Fuck it!


... Nope.


Sit back down, Barnes. 


So, he sits there for the next fifty minutes debating whether or not he should knock on your door -- and finally, eventually, like it was always destined to happen, he knocks around midnight.

You shoot awake.

You're not sure what you say -- but it's a panicked sound that's born mostly out of a deep sleep, mid-REM cycle sort of confusion. Bucky almost laughs, but it quick to quietly move into the room and say your name once more.

"It's me."

"What's wrong?" you ask immediately, eyes barely open and hair askew, "Innessa?"

"No," he says shyly, "Can't sleep."

You relax, almost instantly melting back into the sheets. You're propped up to avoid putting too much pressure on your shoulder. You look like some story-book princess. Bucky feels incredibly conscious of his everything.

"You wanna sleep here," you mumble, rolling to make room, "S'fine."

"You sure?"


"Mm."


The look on his face is openly fond. You're already falling back asleep, though, and there's no use in hiding it. Just him and his demons are there to see it.

So, in gym shorts that are way too short and a t-shirt that's one size too small, Bucky Barnes climbs onto the bed. The borrowed clothes aren't exactly comfortable, but even above the sheets he can already feel himself melting back into a quieter state than before.

Your breathing evens out, and Bucky turns his head to watch you.

For a moment, all he can do is smile.

Then, he falls asleep.

In the other room, your phone rings through to voicemail.

as always, you can find me at whirlybirbs.tumblr.com!

Thank you so much for the patience on this chapter!

As always, you can find me at whirlybirbs.tumblr.com!

It's that dream again.

The one where Andrei's life is being snuffed out, and his wife is crying, and the Winter Soldier is turning Innessa Sidrova into the monster she will inevitably become. The dining room is cold. Bloody veal stains white, bone china plates. Little forks and sharp knives. Red carpet. Red curtains.

Someone brings out cake on a golden tea cart. It rattles by.

Andrei's body is slumped in his chair. No one moves him.

Blood.

Then, Bucky's eyes open to sunlight.

And to you.

You're sitting up over him; worry is carved deep into your brow as you clutch the fabric of his shirt -- and he realizes almost immediately he must have been talking in his sleep. You smooth his shirt down upon noticing the sleepy state of his blue eyes and exhale. It's a gentle touch. It grounds him.

You look like an angel.

Warm light filters through the curtains -- and you're glowing, bathed in gilded light.

It takes him a moment to register this isn't some domestic fantasy, but that the two of you are still locked away in this fuckin' safehouse. Waiting.

"Bad dream?" you ask gently, sitting back against the pillows as he rubs his face. You pull away, focused tightly on the closeness the two of you had shared all night.

You'd woken up tucked neatly beside him, with your cheek touching his shoulder. Despite having been swallowed by the sheets, you'd gravitated towards his warmth at some point in the night. It was his voice, low and fearful, that had woken you up. You couldn't make out what he was saying. He was deep enough in his sleep that he had barely moved when you'd tried to gently poke him awake.

"A memory," he says roughly as he sits up -- his voice is hoarse with exhaustion, "Innessa."

You frown, rub your eyes, and roll to check the bedside clock. It's nearly noon. You'd slept like the dead. Apparently, you needed it. This morning, your chest doesn't feel alight with the ever-present prick of anxiousness -- like a looming blow to the heart. You can handle that anxiety now, like wading in rough water. You're not drowning.

"When we finally find her," you say slowly, taking advantage of your morning-born courage. You swing your legs over the side of the bed, "What will happen?"

Bucky watches you look out the window.

"She will be apprehended by the Feds -- questioned, arraigned. Most likely, she'll serve a life sentence for her crimes against the United States."

"Treason?"

"Among a lot of other shit," he says as he stands up and rolls his neck. It pops. He swings his vibranium arm, loosening the stiff joints. You turn to watch him over your shoulder, "Finding people like her, the ones that slipped away, is part of my pardon. Feels wrong -- because I made her into the person she is. And here I am. Free."

"You know that wasn't you. It was the Winter Soldier."

"Was it?" he says as he moves towards the bathroom, "Because some days, it's awfully fucking hard to seperate me from him."

He closes the door to the bathroom gently after a long look in the mirror, and then the shower turns on.

And you sit with that.

He isn't really free -- that much is apparent. The nightmares, the burden, the echoes... What they did to him has stuck and it's stuck hard. He is learning how to be human, how to feel and how to live. You don't like the sour taste his self-deprecation leaves in your mouth. It unsettles your stomach and it makes you angry in a way you don't know how to understand. Maybe it's because you know Bucky is a good man.

Maybe it's because you're in love with him.


...Fuck.


Yea. You are.

Aren't you?

Fuck.

You sit with your knees pulled close on the edge of the bed and watch the distant skyline of the city. Outside, the world turns on. It's disorienting to feel so removed from it, even if this is the third day spent in the isolation of the safehouse. There's a part of you that's hoping, with a little bit more time, things will die down and disappear. But, you know better. You broke the conditions of your parol, and Innessa made sure that obstacle would stop you from finding her immediately.

It gave her enough time to plan.

To get the upper hand.

Bucky was right about a lot of things, though -- the two of you knew too much. She'd been in Brooklyn for too long now to uproot and reconfigure her identity. She's older. Tired of running. She'll want one of two things: revenge, or absolution.

You desperately hope it's not the first.

You think about it for a while -- and when Bucky exits the shower, you're still there. Perched on the edge of the bed, you turn at the sound of the door opening.

Bucky pauses in the doorway.

Your eyes immediately fall to his bare torso, to the way his vibranium hand clutches at the once-soft towel around his hips. He stiffens considerably once your eyes land on the bruising around his ribs -- and you try to keep your shock as quiet as possible. Worriedly, you stand and round the bed. As you stand, you ignore the own ache of your muscles and sting of your shoulder.


"Jesus..."


"Not my name," he chirps, trying to deflect as your hand meets the hot skin of his back.

Bucky inhales sharply at the contact -- and he tries, desperately, to ignore the burning ache to feel more. He'd sell his soul a thousand times over for the promise of your hands across his skin. You're horribly gentle, and so careful that Bucky finds his heart turning black with self-pity. 

He doesn't deserve this. You.

Christ alive, he's in love with you.

Every part of you -- the slope of your nose, the way you say his name, the way you look at him like he's a man worth redeeming... 

It hits him hard. Too hard. 

It's almost painful how much he feels in that moment.

He swallows roughly.

"I didn't know they were this bad," you say as you press into his back, making him rotate. The muscles along his ribs are well-defined. The bruises are purple and haloed by ghosts of yellow.

Bucky clears his throat.

"I heal quick. It'll be fine."

He does -- his nose is already mostly healed and the bruise beneath his eye is considerably lighter than it was twelve hours ago. Still, it does very little to alleviate your pout.

For the sake of himself, he pulls away.

You recoil your touch.

There's a frown on your face, but Bucky ignores it -- and you make enough room for him to dig through that bin of clothes Kiwi had stored under the bed.

With one more lingering look at him and the carnage of his bruise-kissed skin, you snag your jeans and meander into the bathroom.  

By the time you both reconvene, you're both dressed -- but in clothes that are either too big, or too small, with jeans that have seen better days. At least you have clean socks. And you're alive. And the world hasn't started to fall apart. Yet.

Bucky makes the coffee, and you gather your usual bowl of cereal, and you think that maybe today will be just as boring as the other days, but...

You're wrong. Very wrong. 

It's only by chance that you look at your phone. You, honestly, were missing Poke terribly. He was your constant companion, and the idea of leaving him home alone with a literal killer next door was a bit worrisome. You reached for the phone, hellbent on seeing as the little, round calico that was your lock screen. Seeing his photo would be enough to beat back the guilt and sadness.


Or not.


Over Mr. Pokebowl's face sits one notification.

A voicemail.

Your gut sinks.


"Bucky."


He's in the kitchen, digging through the fridge -- as much as he likes his coffee strong and black, he desperately needs something with it. The caffeine does little for his anxiety. Even a piece of toast would be good, but... He guesses he will settle for the dry cereal you've been eating like a heathen.

When you call his name, though, he knows something has happened. It's the sound of it. Like you've been plunged into ice-cold water, like your gasping for air.

He half expects it to be something on the news -- but when he rounds the wall and sees you staring at the phone in your hands, he knows. He knows it's Innessa. He knows she's made her play, and they need to get ready.

He sees the notification.

"Play it."

It's from Fei.

Fei. Your beautiful sister-in-law was more level-headed than your mother -- and while mom would go out of her way to leave you voicemails, insisting that those were not direct communication and therefore would not break the conditions of your pardon, Fei was careful. She had said, once, after the sentencing, that she would only ever call if it was something serious. She wanted you to be safe, to be happy, to grow from the bullshit of the past six years.

And she had the baby. Naomi is six months old. She's got your brother's eyes.

Fei's voice is shaking.

You can hear rustling, like she's trying to gather something up -- clothes, maybe, or papers?


"Bunny, it's Fei -- she has mom. She came in here and she has mom and she had a fucking gun -- she said she was your neighbor, the one we send the cards to and this was about business between you and her. What is going on? Where are you? Are you safe? Please call me back. I-I, uh, I don't know what to do--"


And it cuts off.

Then, like some twisted, stupid horror movie, Bucky's phone begins to ring.

You swear this is all too much all at once -- your own brain is beginning to have trouble slowing itself down enough to retrace the events of the last few days, and now with the added fear creeping in at the prospect of Innessa having somehow dragged your family into this as--


Leverage.


Bucky knows it's leverage.

It's good leverage, too.

It's Dr. Raynor.

He picks it up with a shift in his eyes.

"Doc."


"What the hell is going on."


Less of a question, more of a demand.

"Oh, you know," Bucky mutters as he begins to pace, "Just a regular Sunday."

"Yeah, well, does a regular Sunday include a phoned-in threat to my office?"

"Shit."

"Yeah," comes Raynor's unenthused voice as she turns in her chair and clicks her pen, "What's going on? Are you with--"

"She's helping me," Bucky says tightly, pinching the bridge of his nose. He purposely gives no other details, and her tone is terse, "What did the call say?"


"Something about the Brooklyn Bridge -- and a whole hell of a lot of Russian."


"I'm sorry," he says suddenly, "For putting you in this position."

"James," she says with a slight bite of ferocity, "I'm going to have to call in the Feds. You know this. If someone is making threats on the public--"

"She's trying to," Bucky's fingers twitch, "That's her play."

Then, he hangs up.

With ease, Bucky pries out the battery from the back of his phone, and snaps the flip phone in half. Innessa would have been tracing Raynor's calls. He knows that much. She isn't stupid.

Quite the opposite.

You're busy in your own world -- his conversation is miles away in the background. You're too busy realizing this is it. That this is the moment you'd been waiting to happen. You'd thought, maybe, it wouldn't come. But that was unrealistic. Now, there's no use in panicking. The anxiety wasn't going to help.

You need to get your fucking head on straight.

There comes a point when you're standing on the edge. You can let yourself be pushed, or you can enjoy the view. You can breathe, and you can ground yourself, and you can deal with the fear when you get there. In the end, the only one who pushes you is yourself.

You know that.

Your knee stops bouncing.

"Balls in our court."

Bucky stills in the middle of the living room at the sound of your voice.

He turns to eye you as you lift your head, and there's a ferocity in your eyes that makes his lips quirk.

"So let's kick her ass."

You leave the safehouse about three hours after the call.

The plan is relatively simple.

Get your shit, get an eye on Sidrova, and de-escalate.

If possible, avoid getting arrested in the process.

Your apartment is the one you both pass first. It's a long walk, but Bucky is careful to check for anyone following. He looms behind you like a guard dog on the busy streets. It's crawling with cops, still, so you both just keep on walking.

Overhead, clouds roll in.

You're both in hoodies, sporting half-assembled outfits that look a little odd when you make the trek towards Bucky's apartment; the entire time it's like walking on eggshells. You duck around corners, avoid showing your faces, and Bucky makes a point of hiking up the fire escape into his own apartment rather than being seen taking the front entrance.

He comes back down with a single duffle bag.

In it, he's got a jacket, a holster, two handguns and a knife.

In that back alley, he suits up. You, as the dutiful sidekick, keep your eye on the street. It's getting dark quick. The clouds are a deep, frightening gray.

"Come on."

He taps you to follow him, and soon you're in the garage.

He hands you the helmet to the bike, and you strap it on.

Black hoodie, black jeans, black thigh-highs boots. Not exactly a practical outfit for the sort of situation you're about to throw yourself into, but when an internationally wanted terrorist frames you and takes your own mother as a hostage, fashion isn't really the main concern.

Then, Bucky hands you one of the handguns. He sees your eyes beneath the glint of the visor. You don't look scared. You look angry. Dead-set. Like you could take on this woman all by yourself.

Part of him is proud.

"This is the safety. Flip that off, aim, and pull the trigger. Minimal kick-back. Don't flash it unless you have to."

Then, he leans around you and tucks it tightly into the back of your waistband.

You nod as you pull your hoodie over the gun.

"Dr. Raynor said something about the Brooklyn bridge?" you ask as you watch him muscle on his gloves.

Bucky circles the bike, moving to fold up the now empty duffle and store it quickly. The keys jingle in his hands. He spares you a look, nods, then inhales.

"If I had to make a bet," he says slowly, "She already knows where we are. She dropped a line, and now she's waiting."

You exhale.

Bucky holds your gaze.

Then, you nod.

"You have a plan?"

Bucky swings his long legs over the seat of the bike, rights up straight, and starts it. You hop on behind him. Over the roar of the engine, he turns his head to chirp:

"Sort of."

"Care to share?"

The throttle is cranked and the bike roars.

"Just follow my lead."

The moment you pull out of the garage, the weather has changed. There's a shift. It's colder now, the wind is combing through the trees up and down the street with angry gusts. Overhead, the clouds swirl. The streets have gone quiet, and as the two of you pull on the ramp towards the Brooklyn Bridge, the skies open up.

On that bridge, beneath the flashes of lightning and the downpour, Innessa Sidrova is already waiting for the Winter Soldier.

as always, come say hello over at whirlybirbs.tumbr.com!

In this exact moment, Bucky Barnes knows two things.

The first is that he cannot remember his mother's voice -- he hasn't been able to for years now. You forget, really, how easy it is for the sounds of someone to melt away in the waves of your mind until it's just a little too late, and then it begins to slip.

It's been nearly eight decades since he's heard her voice.

But, the moment the two of you get close enough on that bike for Innessa Sidrova to step out of the small car now adjacent to traffic, rip your mother from the passenger seat, and promptly spray oncoming traffic with a heavy assault weapon, he knows another thing: that you're angry.

It's the scream of a mother, pleading for someone not to hurt their child that glues the two thoughts together in his mind.

Innessa has carved out a warpath in the short time that the three of you have orbited one another's cosmos.

The bridge has come to a stand-still, and in the pouring rain, Bucky can see people abandoning their cars. The woman in black, dressed head to toe in leather and wearing ammunition like jewelry, stalks forward with cat-like ease. There's a gun pressed tightly to your mother's ribs, a hand digging into the back of her neck.

She looks like you. Same nose. Kind eyes. 

The bike throttle is pulled back in a gutsy roar, but Innessa keeps moving forward.

Then, the gun is raised.

She fires an almost lazy spray towards the two of you. Like she's tired of waiting, like she's gotta do the work to get you two in front of her.

Bucky feels the impact twang off the engine, and the windshield to the car to his right shatters in a burst of crystalline danger -- you wince, dig your arms tighter around him, and grit your teeth. Bucky, fluidly and with ease, jams the handlebar tightly to the side as the bike skids to a nasty stop in a small opening between cars. It's all burnt rubber, crowned with a flash of teeth in the crack of lightning.

Angry.

Bucky is angry.

Rain runs down his face. He plants a leg down. He kicks the stand down to the bike.

You throw a leg over.

Innessa keeps on walking.

"Nice of you two honeymooners to finally come play," she calls out loudly, roughly shoving your mother when she stutter-steps at the sight of you pulling that rain-soaked helmet off your head, "It's awfully cute, y'know, this whole--"

Another pull of the trigger. This time, it sprays along the cars to the right, and more people go running.

"-- Sidekick thing. Never took you for the type, Soldat."

Bucky, beside you, stiffens considerably at the viper-like hiss -- and you plant both boots down on the wet pavement with a harsh scowl. The two of you look like something out of a movie, you reason. All black and leather and soaked to the shivering bone.

Your mother winces at the clawed grip that digs into her neck.

"Hi mom."

"You --" Innessa's voice is different. Not how you remember it, "Shut up."

She's no Miss Bonnie now. No, she's traded in that personality for her true self.

Her hair, once free-floating wisps that reminded you of some Yoko Ono wannabe, is now piled in a tight ballerina-like bun. It shows you the sharp angles of her aged face -- and you come to realize you hardly knew this woman at all.

There's something funny about that. After all, you'd hardly trusted anyone in the last handful of years. The one person who you'd even considered as a friend? To apparently be some absolute piece of HYDRA work? You knew this was going to be a hot topic the next time you saw Dr. Hart.

If you make it to next Tuesday.

Your smile twitches up in rebellious spite.

"Sure, Miss Bonnie."

The dig strikes a nerve. You almost regret it -- almost, because you can see a sudden flash of pride in your mother's eyes.

To her, you look different, too.

Not so small, not so sad. Not so terrified of the world. Hell, here you are beside... an Avenger? Flashing your hubris in the face of a woman holding a fully-loaded machine gun. You're suddenly burning so bright, it feels like she's holding a lightning strike in her palm.

And it's lovely.

Daring is a good color on you.

Innessa swings the strap back, suddenly procuring a handgun in a flash -- and with a tilt of the head, she steadies her aim between your eyes. Behind her, thunder roars.

It's Bucky's turn to aim his weapon. He's fast -- unnaturally so. The handgun is balanced perfectly in his palm and you note his cool demeanor. He's watching, trying to figure this out.

"You know there's no way out of this, Innessa."

His tone is tight.

She snarls. "Thanks to you, you fucking pig. Y'know, I have half the mind to put a bullet between your eyes right now... But, I don't think Andrei would be happy if I ended it so soon. No, you should suffer for what you did--"

"It wasn't my choice."

"Bullshit," she spits, dropping the gun for a moment, "I saw you. You liked the killing--"

She sees the discomfort that flashes across his face. It's like permission, like this is the cue she needed to disassemble his confidence -- it's mental chess. And Innessa Sidrova has played it for decades.

"Has she seen it?" the barrel of the gun is flicked haphazardly in your direction, "You? Losing your control? Turning into the dog you are?"

"No."

"No?" she laughs, "No, no. No, she doesn't see the fucking monster who killed my husband. She sees this new, skinny-jeans-wearing motherfucker you are--"

Suddenly, the sound of sirens interrupts.

You turn, eyes over your shoulder. Through the rain, you can see the police cruisers nearing the center of the bridge -- their sirens wail and mingling with them is the sudden staccato of chopper blades.

A spotlight hits your eyes.

You raise a hand, wincing. The news chopper begins to circle the bridge.

The rain swirls in a hail of ice.

"Seems we have an audience!" shouts Innessa, "Good!"

Suddenly, the handgun is pressed firmly to your mother's temple. The little game is over, now,

She lets out a startled sound, nearly collapsing at the knees -- and Bucky reflexively moves forward.

"Ah, ah, ah," Innessa tuts with a colorful, maniacal sense of humor, "I don't think so, Soldat."

Bucky's lip curls into a snarl.

Then, curtly and without emotion, Innessa looks at Bucky and snaps a command. Her eyes snap to you.

"Shoot her."

The whole world goes quiet.

Bucky freezes -- and then, he gets it. There's nothing else to this plan of hers. Only to drag him down the darkest part of sorrow, of loss, of grief. It's not redemption she wants. It's retribution. And he's walked you right into it. Panic suddenly crawls under his skin like fire, and he realizes he fucked up.

He should have kept you out of this.

He was stupid.


He was fucking stupid. 


When Bucky doesn't move, Innessa's temper flares -- and the gun is dug deeper into your mother's temple.

"You shoot her," she says, "And you learn how it felt, or I do it. And I kill her mother, too. And we add a few more bodies to your tally. Because at the end of the day, this is all your fault anyways, isn't it? You know that, Soldat."

There's another beat of hesitation.

You inhale sharply when Innessa's voice raises into a razor sharp scream -- and she fires off a terrifyingly close shot between both you and Bucky.

"I don't have anything to fucking lose!"

Then, Bucky turns.

The gun is raised to your face.

He tries to steady his breathing.

You realize, quickly, by the look in his eyes, that Bucky Barnes does not have a plan.

The News 7 helicopter does another pass in the dark around this live wire of a confrontation, illuminating the waves of rain and the four soaked figures -- in the bright white light, you look up.

And you see... red?

A glimpse. A flash on a high wire -- far behind Innessa, and oh so high, high, high, up.

Oh.

Alright.

You have a plan. Half a plan. More of a Hail Mary. Better than nothing, though, because you were seriously beginning to question whether you could play dead long enough to convince Innessa to give it up.

You meet Bucky's eyes once more.

This time, there's a twinkle in yours.

"Do you trust me?" you ask, quiet and steady.

"Always," is his slow reply.

You give him a smile.

That's all the permission you need to break into a sprint, ramming past Bucky and unceremoniously throwing yourself off the edge of the Brooklyn Bridge.

His heart stops.

One hand on the rail, a hard push, and over your legs go. You dive headfirst into nothing but air -- and it's the most terrifying feeling in the world.

You can't even scream.

Just freefall as lightning dances around you.

But, you've lived in New York City long enough to know that flash of red. Sure enough, before a scream can even be ripped from your throat, there's something stopping you in midair long enough for a body to come crashing into yours. The air is knocked out of you, and just like that, you're flying.

Meanwhile, Innessa lowers her gun.

Her face is dead-set in irritation.


"You gotta be fucking kidding me."


Bucky's face is split wide in horror -- but he doesn't have time to chase you down.

No, Innessa is aiming for him now; and so begins the catalyst of their story. She fires a round, sending Bucky ducking behind a car as Innessa roughly shoves your mother to the wet pavement. It gives Bucky enough time to raise his own weapon. He tags Innessa in the shoulder, earning a fed-up snarl from the HYDRA agent.

"Fucker."

Then, Bucky watches your mom brutally kick out Innessa's left knee from her spot on the pavement.

...That works.

The woman buckles with a scream of pain, sending Bucky towards her in a flash -- but she's quick, regaining her stance by the time he collides with her, his knife in hand. She blocks, jabs, and manages to spin quickly to catch him between the ribs with her elbow. Bucky drops the knife, catching it low, attempting to swing high for her face.

Enter the Friendly Neighborhood Spider-man.

And you, apparently.

"How'd you know I'd catch you?!" Spider-man had shouted as he swung the both of you upwards.

You'd breathlessly laughed, half shrieking at the pull of gravity making you feel weightless. "I knew he had Avenger friends!"

The landing is less than graceful, but in one of the smoothest moves since you clocked Igor upside the jaw with that baseball bat back at The Glass Cannon, you are sent into a tumbling roll -- skidding to a stop on your back, beneath Innessa with that handgun Bucky had given you out and aimed right at her face.

"Hey, bitch."

Innessa's concentration is lost, and Bucky smiles -- then he lands a brutal uppercut to the woman's cheek.

Suddenly, the hand with the gun is stuck to the car beside her. Spider-man lands beside Bucky, leaning haphazardly against the hood.

"Hi, Mr. Barnes."

"I'm kinda busy, kid."

It's a gruff grumble, earned as Bucky ducks a swing -- and then Innessa's glove slips free from the webbing. She leans back, bearing her weight against the car, and plants both boots onto Bucky's ribs in a vicious kick.

Then, with wide eyes, you roll out of the way -- her own knife is now aimed for you and you tumble out of the way.

Your mother is quick to try and pull you away.

Bucky scrambles and Spider-man jumps into action. The kid is quick to tag Innessa's jacket, pulling her back and away from you, but not soon enough. She's managed to claw at your ankle, and she drags you close. The knife drags up your thigh and you scream -- only to turn to see Bucky hauling the woman up and off of you before bringing her down onto the hood of another car.

This seems like it's enough to finally take the fire out of the hellcat.

Bucky's grip is tight on her collar, face pulled into a horrible snarl.

The police have finally moved in, and from your spot on the pavement in your mother's arm, you watch Bucky regain his breath.

He beats back the rage.

Rain is running down his chin, his hair is hanging in his face. Innessa's eyes are drowned in fear -- and he realizes that she expects him to kill her. To finally end this.

But instead, his grip loosens when the Feds rush in. And he lets them haul her up, and cuff her.

"I am no longer the Winter Soldier. My name is James Buchanan Barnes, and you're a part of my efforts to make amends, Innessa Sidrova."

Her face is set in shock.


"No--"


"Come on--" barks a man in a dark blue jacket, one of the ones leading her back to the horde of cruisers.

"No," she's screaming as they drag her away, "No, finish it! Finish the fucking job, Soldat! Do you hear me?"

He's not listening.

No, his attention is on you -- and the sudden laughter that's being peeled out of your throat as you lay there on the pavement in the rain.

"I knew you were an Avenger!" you shout, hand raised as you point to him, "I fucking knew it!"

Bucky's face splits into a grin.

"I'm not--"

"Wait, you aren't?" comes a spry chirp from the arachnid themed hero to your left, "I totally thought -- Hold on, you're definitely on the email list..."

More laughter. And Bucky, finally, hangs his head and begins to laugh, too.

Your mom, too, pulls you into a tight hug with the brightest smile you've seen from her in years. Her grip is tight. You cling to her -- and when she pulls back, you offer an apologetic smile.

"Hi, mom."

"Hi, dear," she says, pushing a hand through the wet hair clinging to your face, "Does this make you a hero now, too?"

"-- Ma'am, I'm gonna need you to stand up and turn around."

Your head snaps around.

"Apparently not."

The Feds are still there -- waiting, it seems, for you.

"What's this?" you mom asks.

You won't lie, you sort of expected this to pass. But, looks like they've still got a job to do. You hobble to your feet, blinking between the lot of them, "Sorry, mom."

Bucky steps forward, brows knitted tightly. "She didn't do anything wrong."

"She's broken parol," comes the terse reply of the arresting officer, "It's not our call, Sergeant Barnes. Take it up with the judge."


"Oh my god--"


"Mom, it's fine--"

"This is ridiculous," she calls, "She helped apprehend that nightmare woman--"


"Mom--"


The cuffs are tight as your wrists are brought behind your back and clicked in place. You can't help but still feel some elation when you look back up -- because despite how bullshit this might be, Innessa is already being loaded into a secure van and shuttled off the Bridge, no doubt heading towards her own personal maximum security cell.

You stand there for a second as they pat you down.

Bucky steps forward.

Your grin is cocky.

"Still cool with me being the sidekick?"

Then, both his hands find the sides of your face and he kisses you.

He kisses you, and you're so stunned stupid you almost forget to breathe -- because he's kissing you and suddenly the whole chaos has stopped still. Bucky Barnes is kissing you, cradling your fucking face, like you're some treasured idol, and all you can do is scramble to kiss him back before you're being hauled backwards by the officers. The two of you are pulled roughly away, and you suddenly miss the feeling of his hands on your face.

You're breathless. Gobsmacked.

Like an idiot, all you can manage is:

"Does that mean you're bailing me out?"

Bucky just laughs. His cheeks are red.

Elation is burning his lungs.

"Yeah, bunny, I'll bail you out."

As you're shoved into the backseat of the cruiser, you're smiling.

You're carted off, away from the Bridge and Bucky and Innessa.

The rain lets up. The moon shines bright.

You're happy.

The end of the beginning of their story.

That bonsai tree looks different.

...Maybe it's you.

I mean, you're certainly different. You feel different. The last time you busied yourself with staring at that lovely little tree, Bucky Barnes wasn't an unwavering fixture in your life, you weren't some off-brand sort-of-sidekick, and up until that point in your life you'd never been shot -- so safe to say the last few weeks have changed a few things.

You weren't hopelessly in love with Bucky Barnes back then, either.

The waiting room feels smaller.

Behind the big ol' desk by the far wall, Paula plucks away at the keys of her computer -- occasionally, she'll slip a look your way with a good-natured smile. Just like usual.

(When you'd come in, she'd mentioned that she'd seen you on the news -- and it seems like everyone and their mothers had, too. That's a testament to being spotted beside both Spider-man and The Winter Soldier, you guess. When you'd finally been released on bail, you'd had a string of texts from your sister-in-law, and even a few NYU classmates.)

Dr. Hart calls your name.

You settle in, perched in your usual chair, and the silence feels awkward. The last week has been pretty nightmarish -- and even still, you feel sunny. Unstoppable.

Your disposition had definitely left Dr. Hart worried, but you'd promised that you were alright, that you'll be at your appointment on Tuesday. After all, the court hearing to determine whether or not your broken parol was warranted wasn't until Friday -- and Bucky was currently busy testifying in Innessa's case which had garnered a fair amount of public attention.

After all, everyone thought that HYDRA was snuffed out. That people like Natasha Romanov and Kiwi and the Avengers had done their job. It felt like, in a way, someone was fanning the flame of the red scare all over again. You feel bad -- Bucky hadn't exactly been thrilled when they'd called him in to testify. You knew well enough that his own anxiety around sitting in a courtroom and recounting his own personal history with Innessa wouldn't be a walk in the park.

(The fact he'd spent the morning pacing in your apartment in slacks, a dress shirt, and suit jacket said enough about how he felt.)

Yeah.

That's... Ha.

Dr. Hart clears her throat. You're pulled from your thoughts.

"So," she starts, "Are you nervous?"

"For the hearing?"

"Mm."

You swallow, shrug and let your head fall to the side. "I'm hoping that they see reason -- that I was trying to do the right thing."

"And what about Mr. Barnes?"

Dr. Hart watches the way you light up like a star in the night sky at the mere mention of the man. It makes her smile to herself. She reaches for her pen as you wet your lips and laugh.

"What about him?"

"I saw that little smooch--"


"Oh, c'mon--"


"Half of New York did, too, I think," Dr. Hart jokes, wiggling in her chair, "That News 7 chopper had a great view of the whole thing."

You feel hot. The embarrassment feels girlish -- and it reminds you of when Jaimie used to rib you for having a crush on his best friend in grade school. You scoff and knit your arms together tightly over your chest, an action which causes Dr. Hart to raise her brows.

"Am I making you uncomfortable?"

"No! No, I just--"

You let an embarrassed sigh.

"Me and Bucky haven't exactly talked about it," you mumble, waving a hand, "Y'know, between my little 24-hour stint in jail, then my mom whisking me away -- I only saw him for a bit this morning and... I dunno, how do you even bring something like that up?"

"How about 'Hey, about that kiss?'," she chirps, "That's a good starting place."

You frown. Dr. Hart smiles.

"I don't--"

"Ah, ah," she raises a finger, "No second-guessing. None of it. I have seen such a huge transformation in your self-confidence in the last handful of months -- and while I don't really condone you going out and playing sidekick, I have to admit this has been good for you. He has been good for you."

... He has, hasn't he?

 You weren't expecting anyone tonight.

That's why, when the buzzer goes off you meet it with late-night, post-take-out induced confusion. Poke even stares, lifting his head from your lap on the couch with an inquisitive little sound. Scooping him up, you're careful to place him on the bundle of blankets you kick from your bare legs. The show on the television continues to bathe the dark of your apartment in colorful light.

You press the button, hop up onto your tippy-toes, and speak into the callbox.

"Who is it?"

"It's me."

Your heart stills. Oh. 

Without missing a beat, you hammer down the button to buzz him up and quickly rush to, at the very least, make sure your hair looks alright.

If only you'd known Bucky had been doing the same thing in the lobby window downstairs.


Christ, he needs to shave.


The door buzzes, and Bucky hauls it open. With ease, his long legs carry him up the stairs to the third floor. He's not exactly surprised to see the apartment across the hall has a hardy lock and crime scene tape barring entrance, but it does feel weird -- after all, he'd just been absorbed in the case all day.

Shifting on his feet, Bucky rolls his shoulders and comes to a stop before your door.


C'mon. 



...C'mon! Just knock.


He raises his fist, knuckles ready to rap on the bare wood, but then pauses.

Mostly because, fuck, his heart is racing.

Kissing you was maybe the worst idea he's had since he's been given a life again.

Not that it wasn't everything he'd been wanting for days, weeks, months -- not that the mere thought of the moment didn't make his century-old heart hammer in his chest like a piston engine on the brink of fiery collapse. The mere thought of the kiss is enough to send him in a tailspin. And frankly, kissing you is all he's thought about all day.

Forget breathing, forget speaking, forget fuckin' existing.

That kiss hadn't been nearly long enough.

Maybe it's a testament to the fact he's realized over the last few days how desperately he wants to be touched by you -- and how the need worsens tenfold when he even fantasizes, for a fucking second, about the feeling of your fingers on his skin in between the sheets.

...Forget it. Fucking forget it. He's a lost cause. He's doomed to eternally beat down the gnawing want in his gut to finally break in that bed in his apartment. With you, mostly. Mainly, actually.


Completely.


That's the biggest thing he's realized over the last few days.

If it's not you, he doesn't want it.

Bucky groans, dropping his head, and rubs his face one more time before pulling the trigger and knocking.

When you open the door, it's sort of like an uppercut to your heartstrings -- because there he is with his tie loosened, his jacket open, and a case of beer dangling from vibranium fingertips. You try to spur the world into turning again, but, in that moment, all you know is that you have it bad for James Buchanan Barnes.


Really bad. 


Like the sort of bad that makes every love song on the radio fit perfectly in the heart-shaped locket you wear just for him -- the sort of bad that has you counting petals and wishing on stars and whispering little dreams when the clock hits 11:11am. And god forbid you think about that kiss in the rain -- and the feeling of his hands on your face, the press of his lips. Stubble that tickles. His nose fits perfectly against yours.

You want to know how the rest of it goes -- you want to know him in every way.

In the sweet citrine burn of intimacy, too. Certainly so.

Bucky is no fucking better when you open that door. Seeing you after the hellish sort of day he had is like ice on a burn. His relief is immediate and met with a well-worn smile from a man who has seen years of a life that's no longer his.

"Hi."

Your smile is beautiful -- and you laugh, a little huff, and drop your head as you hold the door open. Bucky mirrors the expression. His blue eyes flick along your figure, taking in the relaxed state of you. Your t-shirt swallows you whole, bare legs poking out from beneath the long hem. He fixes his posture, swallows roughly, and laughs a little.

"Hi," you say back, still rooted there in the doorway. Your good arm is leaned across the threshold, "Rough day?"

Bucky whistles to himself and then rocks back on his heels. He waggles the six pack. "What gave it away?"

There's a tenseness between the two of you that wasn't there this morning -- and you hate to say that you like it. Bucky, too, feels like he's wading into molasses and decides, almost immediately, he will happily drown himself at the cost of seeing you smile at him one more time.

He finds himself leaning on the doorframe, one arm above his head.

His expression is soft. Fond.

You smile up at him.

"Never really took you for the tie type..." you say slowly, as you reach to run the fabric of the jet-black tie between your thumb and forefinger.

Bucky's brows raise.


Oh, we're flirting?



We're flirting.



This is flirting.


He hesitates, biting back a boyish smile. "I mean, I'm not... But, uh, does it... Does it at least look good?"

Your smile is coy. "Yeah. Real good, Becky."

He almost snorts -- almost -- but he bites it back in favor of a real smile. The sight of the expression, as rare as a shooting star, makes you beam in pride. You like that you can worm one of those out of him. You like that he trusts you enough, likes you enough, to show you that softer side of him. It's endearing.

Hot.

Really hot.

He scratches the three-day-old stubble along his jaw as he laughs, and leans a little deeper against the doorframe.

"Can I be honest?"

You raise a brow. "Always."

"I just wanted to see you," he breathes out, eyes holding your own, "And... And see Poke, of course, but... Mostly you. Always you."

His words steal your breath.

"We need to get you a cat," you deflect, eyeing him up and down as you move to make room for him to come in, "Pronto."

Bucky laughs at the ground as he takes a long step forward. You close the door behind him. He speaks slowly. "I saw an ad the other day on Facebook. A cute little white one. Alpine. I kinda like the name..."

You gesture for the beer, he hands it over, and stands behind you as you load the six pack into the fridge for the time being. As you do, though, you continue the conversation unaware of Bucky's horribly affectionate look and how he's completely forgotten the conversation in favor of staring at you openly.

"You gonna get her?"

"I dunno," he says, half there. The tension between you is like a tightrope -- and Bucky walks it. Happily.

"Why not?" you chirp as you stuff the orange juice to the back and, satisfied, stand up, "You're two seconds from stealing my cat, anyway."

When there's no response, you turn around after closing the door.

Bucky's expression is still soft, like before.

"...What?" you ask, breathy and tender, as your face splits into a dreamy little look.

Without missing a beat:

"Can I kiss you again?"

You don't know what to say.

Or do, really.

All you can do is look up at him for a long moment, swallow down the sudden flare of shyness, and nod.

The permission seems to make the golden parts of him shine even brighter; but you're not prepared for the hauntingly gentle way he steps up to you and takes your face into his hands just like that night on the bridge. The coolness of his vibranium palm kisses your cheek as his thumb graces the high slope of your cheekbone. His entrance into your personal space brings comfort, but nervousness -- because he's Bucky and he's so woundingly handsome that all you can do is stare up at him like he's promised you the world.

Your fingers find stability along his waist and intertwine in the fabric of his suit jacket.

His voice is quiet and warm. "All I've been able to think about is kissing you again."

His face is close, now, and you feel your smile creeping in. "The first one wasn't nearly long enough."

"Blame it on the circumstances," his nose nudges yours as his eyes flick from your lips to your eyes, "I would have kissed you all night if I could have."

"You can now."

You're smiling when he kisses you again, and this time you dissolve into the moment -- you melt into his arms like the kiss Klimt pieced together all those decades ago. Golden and warm and lovely, you happy kiss him back with a tepid slowness that speaks to your contentedness in this moment.

Bucky, personally, feels like his heart could give out -- and it worsens when you wind your arms close to his chest and your nails grace the estate above his heart. It's gentle, everything is so damn gentle, that he feels like his skin is on fire.

Then it shifts.

You're the one that drags her teeth across his bottom lip, and he's the one that corners you against the counter -- and it takes the both of you, descending into this ooey-gooey tempo, to laugh through Bucky hauling you upwards into his arms and propping you up onto the quartz island. You cling to him, and Bucky flashes a pride-filled grin as you wind your arms around his neck and kiss him again.

And again. And again. And again.

Then, your nails run through his hair, and he groans.

It's enough to make you giggle -- fucking giggle for Christ's sake -- as Bucky holds your face in his hand like he did when dressing your wound in the safehouse. But, this time, it's so he can brush a horribly slow kiss to the curve of your jaw; so he can venture towards the column of your throat as you inhale sharply.

His hands, both flesh and vibranium, knead your thighs.

Your eyes flutter as Bucky nips gently at the skin -- and you squirm when he gives a throaty laugh at the way you sigh and keen.

"Sorry."

You laugh, swallowing as his hands come to rest on your hips. You shake your head. "Why are you apologizing?"

"M' getting carried away," he mutters, forehead coming to rest on your shoulder, "Gotta reel it back in."

It's your turn to hold his face -- to gently usher his gaze to meet yours.

For a moment, it's just you and him and no tomorrow or yesterday or fear or anxiety. Just the two of you. The stranger from the waiting room and the girl who likes the bonsai. The Avenger and his sidekick. Bucky and Rabbit. The world is quiet, and as you kiss him again, you shrug.

"You don't have to reel it in."

He searches your face. His expression is surprised.


"...No?"


"No," you laugh, shaking your head, "I mean -- if you... if it's okay with you."

Bucky's mouth moves but nothing comes out. Mostly because, fuck, he can't even remember the last time he's had sex. Fuck. 


When...? Before deployment? Oh. Oh, Christ alive, yeah. Before deployment. 


"Is it, uh," he swallows roughly. His Adam's apple bobs, "Is it okay with you?"

God, sometimes you genuinely forget how much of a fucking nerd he is.

"Yeah," you nudge him backwards and slide off the counter with a smirk. You snag his tie, "Yeah, very okay."

Bucky is dragged along, his eyes twinkling. "And all along I thought you were a Cap girl."

You yank on the tie, undoing it, and swat him with it. He chases the swing with a laugh and manages to sweep you into a kiss that sends the both of you stumbling towards your bedroom. Through the living room and past the bathroom, you're both entangled in a kiss the whole way.

"I'm trying to have sex with you," you breathe between kisses as Bucky presses you against the wall, "And you're talking about Steve."

He's laughing as you undo his dress shirt, so much so that he has to break the kiss to hide his grin into your cheek -- the moment it's open, you're taken by surprise when Bucky unceremoniously (and with terrifying ease) reaches to haul you up. He wraps your legs around his waist and smothers your yelp with a long kiss.

His voice is hoarse when he finally speaks. "Can you tell I'm nervous?"

You run your nails along his scalp and he groans again -- you take the moment to nudge his nose, rut your hips, and grin.

"I think it's charming."

"I think you're gorgeous."

Sometimes you forget about the super-strength -- and then you're reminded, like now, when you're thrown onto your bed with such ease it seems like Bucky was lifting a feather. It's easy with him to forget who he is, because to you he's just Bucky. Bucky, Bucky, Bucky.

Everything is Bucky.

He's on top of you -- his bare hand has worked beneath the t-shirt swimming on your shoulders. He touches your stomach, his fingertips skimming your ribs. His other arm props him up; you melt into the thousandth kiss of the night and fight the white hot flutter of butterflies when his hand moves to hike your leg up over his hip. The closeness is welcomed. You wind yourself closer, only before letting your hands run up his chest.

His stomach jumps.

"Too much clothing," he mumbles into the skin of your neck, "Don't you think?"

"Mm," you nod, "Yeah, yes, definitely."

Bucky is quick to slap his jacket to the floor. His shirt goes next.

Fucking hell.

You just stare for a second -- and he notices. His cheeks are rosey. He clears his throat and leans back on his knees. "What?"

"Nothin'," you mumble, pushing up onto your elbows; you're grinning, "Nothin' at all, Sergeant Barnes..."

It's a croon.

Bucky's face splits into a look of disbelief. "Are you teasing?"

"Maybe--"

"C'mere, bunny," he chirps, grabbing your leg behind the knee and tugging you down the bed to him, "This is a no teasing zone--"

"Isn't that half the fun?" you mumble, worming out of your t-shirt.

Bucky's voice hitches. He swallows.

God, he's having a crisis. He hopes you don't notice the way his hands shake. You're so damn beautiful -- the relaxed sense of it all, too, has him feeling weak. You're just... you. Home alone for the night, relaxing in your pajamas. For God's sake, you can make anything look good. He's completely and utterly convinced.

"This is nice," he says, thumb following the band of the bralette, "Might be nicer off, though."

Your heart jumps. "That was smooth."

"I'm trying."

You grin and sit up. "You're doing a good job."

He is -- and he does do a good job.

A great job.

I mean, he's pretty damn impressed with himself when he's able to get you off with his fingers alone, nevermind the handful of minutes he spends in heaven when he goes down on you. For a century-year-old war machine, he's still got some tricks up his sleeve. Mostly, it's fueled by you and the way you say his name, by the way you come undone in his hands.

You're like putty, happily writhing in the sheets when he finally kicks away his boxers and fumbles with a condom that you'd procured from your nightstand -- it feels weird for his new arm to be brought into this scenario, but Bucky's self-criticality is driven from his mind the moment you reach and lace your fingers with his vibranium ones. Gently, you drop a finger of his into your mouth, and Bucky damn near loses his fuckin' cool right then and there.


Breathe, Bucky. Breathe.


It's fine. It's fine. She's just everything you've ever wanted in a person -- kind and smart and funny and just as cynical as you and she's got pretty eyes and a nice voice and...

The fit is as good as it gets.

It's been a while since you've had sex -- and the tight ache that starts the show melts away in a handful of seconds; pain is traded in for pleasure that has you digging little half-moons into his biceps. You're going to kill him if he doesn't start moving.

You never thought, a few months ago when you saw him for the first time, that you'd be here. Beneath him, sprawled in the sheets, you huff a happy sigh when he rocks his hips gently into you.

His face is close to yours. "You alright?"

You swallow. You nod. His eyes are full of love.

"Never better, Buck."

Whatever composure you both hold is gone in a matter of minutes. It melts away in easy pleasure that comes from two adult who forgot what this was like -- what comfortable, caring, affectionate sex felt like. As you grip Bucky's shoulders and wind yourself tighter to his skin, you feel safe; and he reasons that he's never wanted to protect anyone more in his life.

He's kissing you, and in the dim light of your bedroom, you swear you see stars.

His hips meet yours, you gasp, and the pace begins to stutter; the white hot coil in your gut has wound tight as a spring, and all it takes is Bucky saying your name -- not Rabbit, but the one that sounds so sacred when he whispers it against your lips. Your nails dash across his shoulders, your back arches and Bucky knows he's done a good job when your legs begin to twitch in between kiss-smothered whimpers.

He's not far behind. He's chasing down the pleasure -- and when he finally comes, it's like getting shot in the chest.

It damn near kills him.

It's all you, everything is you, and it's wonderful.

In the aftermath, the best he can do is not crush you -- but he's desperate to feel you. His hands are pulling you close to his chest the second his shaking fingers discard the mess of the condom in the trash beside your desk. You're sprawled in the sheets, arms above your head, face turned to the sight of him, and eyes closed.

It's bliss.

You roll eagerly into his arms when he returns to the bed; Bucky accepts the languid toss of limbs with genuine happiness. In a pile of pillows, he's tugging the sheets over the both of you. You're happy, warm and loose. Both of you are tired.

This is nice.

You realize that you want this.

Not for tonight, but for always.

The thought comes with a bitter taste of sadness. You frown into his chest.

With a hoarse voice, you speak up after a handful of long moments.

"Bucky?"

"Mm?" his vibranium hand is tracing the curve of your spine.

"What happens now?"

His eyes open slowly.

He sees your frown. Immediately, his heart lurches.

"Bunny," he mumbles quietly, "If you think I'm gonna just disappear--"

"I mean," a shrug, "I know you have things you need to do..."

"And you're my sidekick," he says firmly, thumb lifting your chin as he speaks, "So lose the pout. Yep. No pouting. I need my sidekick -- she's the only person in this century that keeps me sane."

Your sour expression breaks into a laugh.

"...You sure?"


"Promise."


A quiet hum. You share a look with the supersoldier, then hide a slow smile into his shoulder when he leans to brace a firm kiss against your temple.

You roll onto your back.

"What about Friday?" you ask quietly.

Bucky flops onto his back, too, and you both lay there, shoulder-to-shoulder.

"Your hearing?" Bucky scoffs, "Don't worry -- I've got something up my sleeve."

You sit up, sheets falling along your chest. You give him a look.

"I hate surprises."

"Do you trust me?"

A quiet look -- one that's half-annoyed and half-affectionate. You lay back down. Then, you turn to squeeze his cheeks.

"Always."

He laughs.

 

Friday is met with... well, more anxiety than you've had in the last week totaled up and multiplied by ten.

It doesn't help that your mom is fussing, that your sister-in-law, Fei, is fussing, or that the baby in the carrier is picking up on the fussing and beginning to fuss herself, all while you try to find parking for your mom's car outside NYC's busiest court-house. You figure the three of you must look insane -- because mom is yelling about your lipstick while Fei tries to fix some fly-aways while juggling the carrier and you've got the damn diaper bag slung over your shoulder.

C'mon, people, let's just cross the road first. Then we can pull out the compact.


"Mom--"


"Look who's finally showed up!"

You turn around to see Kiwi on the steps, waiting with the one and only blue-haired accomplice, Climber.

"Oh my goodness!" your mom shouts, immediately throwing her arms around Kiwi and quickly moving onto Climber, "Suji! Ian! It's been forever, what are you doing here?"

It gives you enough time to wrangle the compact out of her hands and check your appearance. Kiwi, however, interrupts with a well-aimed punch to the arm.

"I'm a character witness."

You snort.

The conversation is interrupted by the roar of a motorcycle engine -- and you turn to squint into the morning sun only to see Bucky on that damn bike, rolling up to an open spot right in front of the courthouse. In a flash he's cut the engine and swung his long legs over the seat; the helmet has him pushing a hand through the mess of brown tufts, and he tucks his sunglasses into his shirt.

When he sees you, he grins.

"Nice of you to show up!" shouts Kiwi, tsking at the supersoldier.

It's your mom that rushes to Bucky first -- her new favorite person. She's obsessed with him, frankly, and more obsessed with the idea of you and him being an item. You've kept the more intimate details of your relationship on the downlow (like how every night this week -- besides last night when you'd gone home to Morristown -- he's slept in your bed with you and Poke). 

She rushes up to hug him and he's laughing, happily kissing her cheeks as he sweeps towards Fei to do the same.

Happily, he bends to coo at Naomi in her carrier.

Then, like it's as easy as breathing, he snags the diaper bag and lets you begin to decompress.

You squeeze his arm. He finds your hand and squeezes back.

"Nervous?"

"Try terrified."

"Don't be," he says with a sly look, "I like the suit, by the way."

It's pink. A pink blazer and pink slacks. You've had it since -- god, who fucking knows -- college? It's... horribly hackrabb1t.

And you love it.

"You've got nothing to worry about," Bucky says as he begins up the steps, "I promise."

"Tell that to the judge."

He holds the door open. You slide inside.

Kiwi, Climber, your mom and Fei follow -- and soon enough, the peanut gallery has settled into the front row of the hearing. Others are there, too, like Dr. Hart and Dr. Raynor, even a handful of federal agents who Bucky seems to recognize immediately with curt nods and waves. Your lawyer, a young woman from Manhattan with bright eyes and sharp cheekbones, greets you in the center aisle.

You take a seat at the long table before Judge Dodd.

He handled your case before -- when the GRC had sunk their claws in.

When he enters, the room stands. He offers you a nod, and you give it back.

The beginning is a swirl of formalities and charges and back and forth from your lawyer and the judge -- but the tempo is different, and when the time comes for the verdict following your violation of parole, there's a pause.

"I have a letter here."

Your brows furrow.

Judge Dodd stacks his papers neatly against the desk before moving his glasses down his nose and leaning forward. He's an older man -- kind, when the moment calls for it. You've seen it in your own circumstance. His ruling was, by no means, cruel. And now, as he clears his throat, you can't help but wonder what the hell this is about.

"I believe it's safe to assume that everyone in this room knows who Captain Steve Rogers is."

You can't help the way your jaw falls open.

"--And," he chuckles, waving the paper, "It seems that you've made quite the impression on Captain Rogers, miss. He's written, asking for a formal pardon."

Your head snaps back.

Bucky, in the first row, is grinning at you like the cat that got the canary.


That fucking bastard.


And, by Steve Roger's never-ending grace, it works.

You're granted a full pardon, the only remaining conditions being your work with the GRC and the mandated therapy. You walk out of that courtroom with your family -- and with a split grin that's brighter than the sun.

Bucky's laughing as you slap his arm on the steps, swatting at him with playfulness that he mirrors in a rough hug; but it quickly melts into a tender one, and you squeeze him tightly when he buries his face in your hair and mutters:

"I promised everything would be okay."

Your smile is everything to him.

"I can't believe you."

"Yeah, well," he slides his sunglasses on, "I got a Senator I need help taking down and you're my best girl. Couldn't have them taking you away from me."

You just stand there, shake your head, and fight the urge to kiss him.

Kiwi and Climber smile at the pair of you.

"Anything for you, Buck."

He smiles, and for the first time ever, he realizes he doesn't regret stealing your seat in therapy one fuckin' bit.